Following Settings will be used for the Dialog throughout the Story
for thoughts i am going to use [ & ] prefix for example [this should be easy to understand]
for actual dialog I am going to use " & " prefix for example "this should be the standard, right?"
for sounds i am going to use * & * prefixes basically *cries in spanish*
---- new prefix for inner dialog [" & "] starting from Chapter 4 ----
Let's jump straight into the story, shall we?


Chapter 1 - Why?!

lower realm of Lygodras - Bellheim

Bellheim was built at the edge of the Thunder Forest and is truly an ancient display of wonder. Bellheim has a land size of around 780km² and it's appearance is matched by the rainbow colored Flower Fields, and the beautiful surrounding coasts, which have helped to shape Bellheim into what it is today.
The resources that the Thunder Forest and the nearby Sea of Chaos as well as the Sea of Thunder brought were of great importance, as the vast majority of buildings have integrated dozens of these. For example, there are Buildings made of Spirit Wood which the Thunder Forest provided, also there are dozens special buildings built with a very special type of ore, Thundrozit, harvested from huge meteorites found at the bottom of the Sea of Thunder, the Sea of Chaos is all year around as chaotic and unpredictable as the name suggests, but it still is a very precious resourceful area. This location and the precious resourceful areas surrounding Bellheim, contributed to the booming business alot.

The skyline is filled with a very nature related City Design and there are also Ancient Symbols at the side of the Outer Wall of the City. These symbols have been designed to protect the city wall and the people inside from wandering beasts. Bellheim is one of the Cities that has a Battle Academy. A few Fighters have left their mark not just on Bellheims population, but also upon the city's identity. What historically was a city of ordinary People has grown into a new meeting point for people who want to become Fighters and chase their dreams of someday reaching the Master Rank.

It's this battle focused environment that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of Weapon Shops, Training Areas and the Battle Academy offer a plethora of Martial Arts and Weapon Arts and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy alchemy, forging, cooking or entertainment in one of those Night Flower Shops.

The City's outer region is where the City Guards are stationed, also you will find the less fortunate here as well as the working class citizens. if you go further inside the city, you will find the people specializing in Craftsmanship like Forging or Alchemy or Chefs, also the Entertainment Factor here is the highest as you can find hundreds of shops here, even those with naked women and men, for the right price you can get whatever you want here.
As you continue to walk further towards the center you will reach a checkpoint, at this checkpoint only those with a city army token or special recommendation letters, those who want to become Fighters are allowed inside, this is the place where the Academy of Bellheim has its area. The academy grounds are so big that it actually takes up half the city land size, there are several castles and libraries, even two big Life and Death Arenas. At the eye of Bellheim is the Castle of the City Lord, and the specialized City Army. The difference between the City Guards and the City Army is that you have to pass a bunch of exhausting Battle Tests in the outer region, once the Judge notices that you have potential you will be recommended to join the City Army, if you have a good talent and good potential, you will receive a recommendation letter for the Academy of Bellheim. This is the highest Honor as it's not simple to join the Academy. 


-- the Academy of Bellheim --

The Academy Grounds are broken into 3 parts, there are the Disciple Grounds, the Training Grounds and the Elder Grounds. 

-The Disciples Grounds-
Most students here are either ordinary students in the Classes for the masses or direct students of teachers and elders and don't have to participate in the classes at all.
There was once a Disciple of the Academy Dean, who tried to escape the academy after killing someone outside the Life and Death Arenas and the Dean had to kill his own Disciple to set a statement that these rules are not to be broken lightly as doing so will cost you dearly, since then the Dean never took a new Disciple, as a form of self punishment for neglecting his student. This is one of the open secrets nobody dares to talk openly about but every elder knows about it.

As part of the Training Grounds there are several environments to train under, there is even a huge bottomless ravine. A rumor says the Founder of the Academy, who was seen as a Master Fighter by ordinary people, was once so angry that he unleashed one of this sword strikes and cut open the rocky earth like a piece of Tofu, the rumors mention 3 days of thunder roars and rainstorms as the aftereffect of this horrible sword strike. 

At the edge of this bottomless ravine were a group of students, one young boy had a shortsword stuck inside his back, the shortsword  pierced through his back into his heart and came out through his chest. He turned his head slightly and was shocked to discover that the one holding this very familiar shortsword was no one else than his girlfriend. There was a huge flow of blood and a small pond of blood was formed under his feet. He almost choked 
30
29
28
27
26
25
24
23
22
21
20
19
18
17
16
15
14
13
12
11
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
Dokumenttabs
Chaotic 2
Überschriften, die Sie dem Dokument hinzufügen, werden hier angezeigt.


on the blood in his mouth but managed to weakly ask "Li.. Lilvyra... why?"

Golden, shoulder-length hair gently hangs over her smiling face, her deep gray eyes gave her a very frosty look, there was something enticing about her and perhaps he was just blinded by love but as far as he could remember she was always smiling, was always cheerful and always tried to help him through hard times and training sessions, but now that he saw her cold face, it felt like he saw her the first time. 

"I am sorry, it's nothing personal Darling. It's just you're too talented and sooner or later you are gonna take away resources that could belong to me. Also my brothers here told me that you had found a treasure the last time you were on a Scouting Mission, but you never told me about it... why did you not show me the treasure, were you afraid that i would steal it? Am I such a cold person in your eyes?" she replied friendly

the 3 brothers at the side commented as well

"yes, sister it's his fault for hiding it from you!" said Zulbal disdainfully
"sister Lilvyra, do you want me to clean your sword from that dirty blood?" sneered Jafaan
"idiot" Yawan said mockingly "you better repent in your next life, how dare you keep a secret from our sister!"

"Y.. you would *cough* rather *cough* kill me than to grow stronger with me? Are you insane?! Why do you have time to ask about some trivial things while your shortsword is stuck inside of me?! Was all we went through the past year a lie? And how dare you little Shitheads talk to me?!"

A sharp pain went through his whole mind, forcing him to grind his teeth and endure through it just to stay conscious. For a moment he thought about just giving in to the pain, letting it consume him completely as there seemed to be no reason to stay alive after the person he trusted the most betrayed him like this. He closed his eyes and desperately tried to fight against the instinct to relax his muscles. As he took a deep breath, the pain got even worse. Inside his mind all his thoughts went into chaos.

[why, why is this happening?] [how dare you do this to me!] [how did we end up in this situation, what did i do wrong?] [am i really going to die by her hand] [did love blind me so much?!]

He bit his lips until blood started to flow and for a moment tried to block out all the pain in order to stand his ground. Right now all he cared about was to endure it and ignore the pain to find out why this happened.

"hehe that last year was indeed better than I expected, you gave me so much attention and even a bunch of rare pills and even this very Short Sword that is about to take your life, you were one of the best targets for me, to practice my special Skill "Mind Trap", but as soon as you started to get stronger I noticed that I don't have as much control over you as I used to have and now I have to rip out the roots before the tree is fully grown." Lilvyra replied cheerfully 

"The sight of your blood sliding down along your body, beneath your clothes, turning the ground a deep crimson red, it's making me excited. this sight, i will burn it into my mind as the last pleasure you brought me. It feels so nice to see your face full of pain and disbelief. Does your body feel heavy after losing so much blood? Is your Body trying to force you to your knees, does every breath you take hurt so much that you would rather die than continue to endure it? Hehe i love this expression on your face, it makes me so excited that i want to sit on your bloody pale face" Lilvyra said with a drooling face

as she finished the sentence she kicked him with every bit of strength she had into the bottomless ravine, and as he was falling down he thought

[my body is at its end, i can see it clearly. Every bit of my body screams in pain, i am so 
exhausted, feeling so weak that i just want to wake up from this nightmare but this is as real as it can be, i can't move, i can't think straight, i can barely breath but if i survive this i will take everything from you and repay this debt to your friends and family as well. i will bury you all in front of this ravine someday even if i have to sell my soul I WILL DESTROY YOU]

as he thought about this, he mustered all his strength together for a single shout
and you could hear him scream at the top of his lungs: 

"I SWEAR ON THE HONOR OF THE HEAVEN IF I SURVIVE THIS TRAGEDY I WILL RETURN AND BURY YOU, YOUR FRIENDS AND YOUR FAMILIES IN FRONT OF THIS VERY RAVINE!"


Lilvyra turned around and sneered "you are about to die either from the blood loss, the pierced heart or the fall into the bottomless ravine, do you think you could survive it?"

Zulbal laughed out loud:"a corpse is crying about revenge"

Jafaan asked sheepishly:"Senior Sister, you forgot to take his treasures, why did you kick him down the Ravine?"

Yawan reprimanded:"Are you an idiot, Jafaan?! What if one of the Elders discovered us here?!"

Jafaan replied casually:"Relax, there are always Life and Death fights in the Arena, right?"

Yawan said helplessly:"You really are an idiot... *sigh* the Arena is the only place that allows killing and we are at the bottomless ravine, in this whole area it's forbidden to fight, not to mention to kill."

Jafaan was shocked:"... are we in trouble, senior sister?"

"It's okay, you just have to do what I tell you and everything will be fine. As long as you can follow me I will give you everything you want" replied Lilvyra calmly while her calm voice turned into a frosty one "but if you dare to betray me, I will kill you as simply as I killed him"

Zulbal, Jafaan and Yawan replied at the same time:"we would never betray you, you are awesome sister, let us invite you to lunch, how about it?" while cold sweat was running down their backs.







Chapter 2 - where is he?!

- Bellheim - Academy of Bellheim -

24 hours after the disappearance of the young man.

Inside the Main Castle of the Academy, an old man took a look out of his window.
Once you take a look out of this window, you will fall in love with the view. From here you can see the Flower Fields and the Thunder Forest, with fluffy white clouds bouncing on top of the highest trees inside the forest, this looks like a real painting inside a small window. 

While the view was breathtaking, the old man was getting angrier by the second.
this old man was obviously waiting for someone but that someone does not seem to care to appear.

[good, very good, since you think that you can just ignore my invite to meet me in privat, i will show you what will happen when you anger this old man]

he turned around and called for his Assistant:"DELURA GET ME ALL THE INFORMATION ABOUT THAT DISCIPLE YOU RECOMMENDED, RIGHT FUCKING NOW"

Delura was stunned for a second by the seemingly angry shout of the old man and replied
"yes Lord Dean, please give me a moment" 
That's right, this old man was the Dean of the Academy of Bellheim, if someone had absolute Power inside of the academy, it was this old man.

The door to the office opened slowly and a burst of sunlight came through.
Appearing out of the sunlight, a silent woman with completely orange eyes walking into the office, once you took a look into her eyes, it felt like your soul would be shaken to the core. Her slim and sexy body had all the right curves at all the right places. She carried a file in her left hand, while holding an ancient book in the other. The cover of the book had golden Symbols engraved onto it and seemed to be from ancient times. She wore a red shoulderless dress that was tightly wrapping around her sexy slim body as if she tried to seduce every single being on this far land. 
She took a look at the Dean and her gaze turned to one of full respect for the Master infront of her.

The old man had Silver, shoulder-length hair slightly that covers a time-worn face. Beautiful green eyes full of power, watching slowly over the spirits they've become enchanted by for so long.
His gray beard elegantly compliments his mouth and leaves a gracious memory of his fortunate adventures.
This is the face of Dean Terdanon, a true dragon among men.
There's something in his eyes, perhaps it's a feeling of remorse or perhaps it's simply a feeling of guilt.

Terdanon took the file out of Deluras hand and gave her a cold look *sigh*
"You better find out why this runt did not appear today, otherwise I am gonna cut your pay by half this month"

"But... but Lord Dean you can't do this. I want to go shopping, that is so unfair!!" Delura cried out while thinking
[Wait ‘til i find you, you little shit, if my pay gets cut i will cut you into tiny pieces and fed you to my Pet Beast]

while Delura went on to find out why this little bastard did not appear, the dean took a look at the file

Name: Drakota 
Codename: -
Title: -
Affiliation: Academy of Bellheim 
Bounty: 0 Crystals
Race: Half Human
Combat Level: 24

_base Stats__
Vitality:  31
Strength:  23
Agility:   26
Endurance: 20
Stamina:   30


__ Immunities __
Fire: 1
Ice: 0
Poison: 0
Electricity: 0
Spiritual: 2

__ Skills __ 
Basic Swordsmanship

__ Special Skills__
none known

[not bad for a kid who joined a year ago and was at combat level 16, but that does not mean that he can ignore my invitation.. such a shame] sighed the old man
[i wonder how he got Spiritual Resistance to Rank 2 already, there shouldn't be any beasts around here who can use spiritual attacks. Seems like he has either found a treasure or someone is secretly attacking him from close range without him noticing. This is quite interesting... it's also rare to see someone with stats above his own Combat Level and his little bastard has 3 of those, also our method of measuring his bloodline and race only uncovered that he is half human but it does not show what the other half is. If taking into account that he never skips training and has grasped the basic swordsmanship he should be a good disciple to take in, in the report that came back there was never mentioned that he was arrogant or hateful towards weaker or younger people but towards his enemies he would show no mercy. One year ago this kid was just a regular slave I found in the City Dump and now he can already fight with people who are 2 combat levels higher than him. But unless he meets me today, I will never take him as a direct disciple. Delura better finds out what happened or this kid's future might be over before it even started in this Academy.]

While the old man was thinking, Delura went towards the trainingfields, searching for that little runt who is about to cause her financial pain. 
As soon as she reached the usual training spot of that kid, she did not find even a single hint that showed that he was here in the last 24 hours.
she turned around and was about to walk towards the disciple grounds when she saw Lilvyra and remembered that she was that kids friend or lover or sister, she didn't pay too much attention to such small details, if she were to remember all the disciples private affairs she might as well just end her own life. 

"Lilvyra where is that little runt Drakota?!" she asked in a questioning tone
Lilvyra was slightly shocked to discover that the personal assistant of the Dean, Miss Delura was asking about the dead Experiment of hers.. 
"I... I don't know, i am trying to find him as well..." she replied worried while quicking trying to shift the attention towards something else
"I... only found a note saying that he has to go out of the academy for some time.." she replied quick witted, that way everyone will think that he ran away without asking the elders of the academy about permission to leave the academy.
"where is the note, show it me and make it fast i don't have time to play around with little girls" Delura grew impatient because she started to worry about her paycheque
"the note.. I..." using her brain with full power she replied with the best answer she could find on the spot and replied ".. I.. burned it in a fit of rage... because he never said anything to me about leaving. You can ask my three junior brothers, Zulbal, Jafaan and Yawan. they saw that i burned the note in a fit of rage.. i am sorry..."
"you did WHAT?!, how can you burn evidence you dumb little shit" Delura was pissed, she turned around and went towards the Disciple Ground to find these three idiots Lilvyra mentioned.

[what the fuck is happening, since when does this stupid cunt of an assistant has business with Drakota, unless i missed a detail this should be the first time someone from the Elder Grounds showed interest in Drakota, if this three idiots rat me out my life will be over, god one day after i killed him people started to think he is interesting or what are you fucking kidding me?!] Lilvyra thought about the whole situation and found it ridiculous

While Lilvyra stood there like a fool Delura was already inside the disciple grounds, but since she did not know how those three idiots looked like she told a teacher who she is searching for and the teacher replied with hesitation "Miss Delura, those three disciples are out on a scouting mission they left this morning and won't be back until two days from now. I will inform you as soon as these three are back to the academy! May i know what they did for you to appear so angered?"

"It's none of your fucking business, if you have time to ask stupid questions do me a favour and search the City for Drakota. Why is everyone so useless today, has the heavens forsaken me?!" Delura spoke her mind in a fit of rage, the teacher had cold sweat rolling down his back, he knows what happens when Delura gets really pissed. The last time this happened the Dean had to knock her out otherwise a bunch of teachers would have died. 

Delura sighed and went back towards the Forbidden Grounds of the Elders while thinking about how to report the situation to the Lord Dean.

- Back at the office of the Dean -

*knocking*

"Delura stop wasting time and give me an explanation" answered the dean

"Lord Dean, after a careful investigation I have found out that he seems to have left the academy but I am not sure if he is going to return, there is no evidence that he was here in the last 24 hours." 

"So you're telling me, that young disciple I laid my eyes on, decided to disappear the day before I invited him?!" the dean looked at Delura with his Eyes which were getting colder by the second.
"Lord Dean, you can't blame me for this! But if Drakota does not return until the end of the week, we might have to either list him as a wanted runaway with a bounty... or declare him dead." Delura said in a low voice

the dean was thinking about the whole situation and decided that sometimes fate was a cruel thing

[after so many years i finally decided to take another direct disciple but it turns out that this disciple either ran away or died somewhere, is this heavenly punishment for the sin of slaying my own disciple back then?]
 
"Wait until the end of the week if Drakota does not return set a Bounty for 55 blue Crystals but only for capturing alive" 

"Yes lord Dean as you wish" Delura answered but was shocked inside 

[to think the dean would set a bounty of 55 blue Crystals for a mere little Shit at Combat Level 24, even Black Face, one of the fiercest Killers around in the Slums of the City has only a Bounty of 23 blue Crystals] 

"Also did you find any news hinting at the Legacy of  Necrotix, that legendary sword master that supposedly died near this city?" asked the Dean with a heavy voice

"No Lord Dean it seems it was just a baseless rumor spread by idiots" 

"Well you can leave then also inform me as soon as either Drakota returns or the Bounty is released" 

"Yes Lord Dean" Delura answered while leaving the office 

[THANK YOU DEAR HEAVENS, THE DEAN FORGOT TO CUT MY PAY] 

cheered Delura inside her mind








































Chapter 3 - Elder Xadrooma

Days ran by really quick, as the sun went down, the disciple of the academy went into an uproar.

- Center of the Academy Grounds - Near the Forbidden Elder Grounds - Mission Hall Mansion -

From the outside this mansion looks lavish. It has been built with white jade bricks and has spirit wood decorations. Tall, rounded windows brighten up the mansion and have been added to the mansion in a fairly random pattern.

The mansion has two storages and one big big hall, in this hall alone 8.000.000 people could stand with enough private space to not suffocate or feel awkward.  

The hall is fairly rounded in shape. The mansion is surrounded by herb gardens and beastmount stables.
Yes, both the herbs in the garden as well as beast mounts are sometimes parts of mission rewards.
At night natural light sources give this mansion a divine feeling as if heaven itself protects it.

The roof is high and triangular and is covered with tinted glass panels which let in plenty of light to the rooms through the roof.

Inside the hall there are 3 counters where you can accept your chosen missions or receive mission rewards. 

next to these counters is a blackboard with mission papers and wanted posters of criminals and runaways with bounties on their heads.

as the night broke out a Woman went towards the Blackboard with new Files in her hand to hang out new bounties and missions.

This woman had White, layered hair tight in a bun that revealed a beautiful spotless face. deep blue green eyes full of energy and confidence.
Smooth skin seductively compliments her hair. All the young boys around the mission hall were looking at this woman.

The woman is Keya, a true elf. She stands oddly among others, despite her charm she is always seen alone.

as soon as she placed the new missions and bounties on the blackboard she look around for a minute and then went back behind the counter with a slightly shocked face

[i wonder what this kid did to get such a high bounty and this bounty can only be claimed if he is catched alive] her thought were interrupted by a sudden cry out of a young girl

"Holy Fuck! Why is Senior Drakota wanted?! Did someone make a mistake?!"

"Oh shit you are right, how can this be?! he was always so friendly" said another girl 

"Let's ask Miss Keya about this. Maybe she knows what happened?" replied a nerdy boy

"oh that's such a good idea why did i now think about this" replied the first girl as she ran towards the counter

"How can i help you?" asked Keya while not really paying attention

"Miss Keya! Why is my Senior Brother Drakota wanted with such a high bounty?! This must be a mistake!!" cried the girl

"Oooh you dare say that we, the Elders, made a mistake? You are quite brave little girl" replied Keya with a frosty smile

"No no no Miss Keya she didn't mean it that way, what she meant was why is there a bounty on Senior Drakota" replied the other girl friendly

"Even if I know the answer, I am not allowed to spread information on this case. If you still want to ask, how about I send you to the punishment hall. Elder Xadromaas was getting bored, he might need to release some stress." threatened Keya

The two little girls sucked in air and ran away as fast as they could while looking horrified.

At this moment Lilvyra, Jafaan, Zulbal and Yawan arrived in front of the Blackboard

"Se.. seni... senior sister Lilvyra, take a look at this" with a trembling finger Jafaan pointed at Drakotas Wanted Poster

"Jafaan why do you act as if someone hit your balls" retorted Zulbal

"Idiot, you cant even speak properly, fucking virgin" snapped Yawan

"Shut the fuck up you two idiots or i am gonna beat you up" retaliated Jafaan

"Jafaan, what did you want to show me? There is nothing .... " Lilvyras words were stuck in her throat

"What the actuall fuck, why is he wanted suddenly with such a high bounty and its only capture alive" her mouth was open slightly 

"Senior Sister, what do we do now?" hesitated Zulbal

"We.. we should be fine... as long as no elder founds out about it.." replied Yawan in a low voice

"Ooooh as long as we dont find out about what" a sudden charming voice drifted into Yawans ear

All for of them suddenly turned around and found Delura staring at them with an asking gaze

[Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck i fucked up] Yawan thought

[God this idiot fucked up] Zulbal and Jafaan thought at the same time

[I have to save the situation otherwise its over fuck this idiot is always talking at the wrong time] Lilvyra was raging inside

"Miss Delura I was talking about...." Yawans voice trembled

"He was talking about a rumor we found while we were on our Scouting Mission" Zulbal tried to help Yawan out 

"That's right. We wanted to keep it a secret first but now that you heard about it we have to tell you about it" added Jafaan

Delura was looking at these 4 Disciple with a strange smile and thought

[i wonder if they lied about Drakotas disappearance, something feels off while being near those 4] 

"So, what's this rumor you heard?" she asked seriously

"There was once a Swordmaster, who is suspected to have died near the city and supposedly left behind a huge legacy" replied Lilvyra

[Oh they heard about this rumor? This is getting ridiculously] thought Delura while she replied "This is such a baseless Rumor, the other Elders already checked it and its confirmed as fake"

[So even the Elders checked this rumor, huh] thought the four disciples

"Don't waste time inside of the mission hall, either pick a mission or get lost" reprimanded Delura them as she walked out of the hall

[puh we survived that one] they thought at the same time


- Inside the Office of Terdanon -

"Delura, do you have good or bad news"

"Lord Terdanon, Drakota did not return and there are no hints at all, even the Scouting Elders and the Special Hunters from the Punishment Hall did not find a single hint,
as if he disappeared from the face of earth"

"hmm did he hide his Combat Stats, is someone helping him escape or did he really die inside of the Academy?"

"Lord Terdanon, if I may say this. I asked around at the Life and Death Arenas and not a single Elder Judge saw Drakota near the Arenas"

"hmm ... ... ... what if he died inside the academy but not at the arena?"

"This... how can this be?! Who would kill a disciple and break one of the holy rules" 

"this is indeed one of the holy rules but... who said that holy rules can't be broken by disciples or elders?" 

"Lord Terdanon, are you suggesting to start an investigation for a mere Combat Level 24 boy who may as well run away?" 

"Delura... are you questioning my decision...?" Terdanon raised his voice slightly and killing intent surged out

"Lord... Lord Terdanon.. i am sorry i should not speak mindlessly" Deluras voice trembled sightly

"Delura it's fine, you may be right, I should not get so worked up by a single disciple. I assume the bounty is out, so things are going its natural way. Go to Elder Xadromaas and tell him to check everyone involved with Drakota just to make sure. He may use force if he sees a reason for it however if he overstepped his boundaries, he should prepare to receive punishment himself and i am talking about Infernal Level Punishment not the usual Elder Punishments" Terdanon spoke while in thought

[i guess i have to search for a new disciple, maybe one of his friends is a good fit. someone like him should be surrounded by talents like moths flocking towards a raging fire]

"Yes Lord Terdanon, i will inform Elder Xadromaas right now" Delura spoke humble as she left in a hurry

- Punishment Hall - 

From the outside this mansion looks broken and left behind. It has been built with dark red bricks and has red ancient pattern decorations. Large, Steel Doors with a small slit for the eyes, is guarding the Entrance of this Mansion.

The mansion is equipped with a small isolation cells and two torture rooms, it also has a boiling lava room where interrogations are performed, while the criminal is suffering drops of liquid lava, three ice coffins, to break the mind of fire affiliated criminals, a crazy electricity consuming chair which drains the user of his electricity instantly leaving behind a weak drained body with just enough strength to breath, a "playroom" and a room for storage as well as the special hunter unit dorms and elder dormities.

The building is like a huge coffin-like object. The mansion is partially surrounded by guardian beasts on every side. Those beasts attack everyone who does not have the special permission token with them.

The roof is high and there is no light from outside, this whole building is filled with screams of criminals and test subjects of the elders.
The mansion is light with dim red fireflies which are trained and breed here, they are both, lights and monitoring beasts.
The mansion itself is surrounded by a modest garden covered mostly in grass and a Training Ground in the center.

*rumble* 

"WHO DARES TO CAUSE TROUBLE HERE?!" One of the guardians screamed at the top of his lungs as he was woken up by the sudden knocks on the steel door

"Under the Orders of Dekan Terdanon, i Delura am here to inform Elder Xadromaas about a special mission." Delura said without giving two flying fucks about this guardian

"Miss... Miss Delura i am sorry i thought someone is here to cause trouble" the guardian humbly left in a hurry to get Elder Xadromaas

"Delura, you better have something special for me or i am gonna punch you again" a hoarse voice come out of the entrance

A scream from the depths of the mansion, a rumble of earth, and suddenly you're greeted by a young entity of dread and shadows. Two flaring eyes stare at you with a terrifying temper, and another scream thunders from the depths of the mansion with terrifying intensity.
Two curved horns adorn its muscular head, which itself is as blood red as the devil himself. light flames escape the elders mouth while he is breathing slowly.
Its muscular body is covered by a black cloak. A Name is engraved on the Chest of the Cloak, in thick white letters it says "Special Unit Elder". a shadowy veil dangles around his torso, perhaps a remnant of all the lives he claimed.
The elder moves closer towards Delura, out of his four arms, two carry long broadswords, while the air trembles with each step from the faint accumulated killing intent.

"Xadromaas, if Lord Terdanon himself sends me here, what do you think this mission is? A Vacation?" Delura replied angrily

"ooh sounds good i was getting bored anyway, tell me what is this mission Lord Terdanon has given me?" 

"Elder Xadromaas, you are to interrogate every single Elder, Teacher, Disciple who had interacted with a disciple named Drakota. All the relevant information is in this File. Also you are allowed to use force but Lord Terdanon told me to remind you, should you overstep your boundaries, you will be punished by Infernal Level Punishments and not by Elder Level Punishments." 

[What the fuck, who is this Drakota and why does Lord Terdanon care so much about him that he threatens Lord Xadromaas with Infernal Level Punishments] thought the Door Guardian scaredly 

"ooh Infernal Punishment, huh, interesting. Tell Lord Terdanon i will handle this mission within 2 days" replied Xadromaas without care

"You can report Lord Terdanon about this yourself, also be careful, Lord Terdanon seems to like this little shit so you better do a good job otherwise we may both get punished"

"ooh a disciple that can change the heart of the Dean, this is something rather interesting. I will do my job without failure." Xadromaas became excited

[When was the last time someone could steal the deans interest, i guess i will try to do my job serious this time] he thought while he and Delura left the Punishment Hall


2 hours later at the Punishment Hall -

In front of one of the two interrogation rooms was a small queue formed by students, all looking rather scared towards the closed door of the room in front of them. 

inside the room Elder Xadrooma was questioning one young girl

"What is your relationship with Drakota?" asked Xadrooma in a rather tired voice

"we... we only met once when he helped me complete a gathering mission.." replied the tiny voice

"huh another one time encounter, this is useless i guess i can dismiss all the students" mumbled Xadrooma before chasing the girl out of the room

[that brat sure was helpful, that's the 21th student to claim that Drakota helped out once] Xadrooma was in deep thought as he yelled out

"all students may return towards their classes or teachers. the questioning is done now, get lost!" 

as the students ran out of the hall, elder Xadroomas went to report to Lord Terdanon 

- office of Lord Terdanon - 

*knocking*

"you may enter" said Terdanon in a lazy tone

"Lord Terdanon, my investigation is finished and as far as i can tell, no student other than Lilvyra were seen more than once with Drakota"

"this kid sure was helpful out of the 22 kids i questioned, 21 said he helped them out on missions once without getting anything in return" reported Xadroomas

[hmm Lilvyra was it? She was also the one who told Delura about the notice that she supposedly burned, something does not add up] thought Terdanon

"you have done your job, you may return. thank you Xadroomas" replied Terdanon with slight smile

[Lord Terdanon is smiling?! What happened? I thought he liked that kid, why is he smiling?] Xadroomas trembled slightly as he left

Terdanon raised his voice "Delura! bring me the student file of Lilvyra."

not even 5 minutes passed and Delura brought the student file of Lilvyra to Lord Terdanon

"this is the student file you asked for Lord Terdanon" she said while giving him the file

"thank you" Terdanon said in a soft voice "you may leave"

"as you wish my Lord" Delura replied slightly surprised

[Why is the Lord's reaction so strange today? Did I miss a detail? Elder Xadroomas interrogations were without a result as well.. normally he should be in a really bad mood but why is he so friendly right now?] she thought

[Lilvyra.. Lilvyra.. what do you hide..?] thought Terdanon while opening the file

Name:Lilvyra
Codename: 
Title: 
Affiliation:Academy of Bellheim, 
Special Note: distant relative of the city lord
Bounty: 0
Race: Human
Level: 35

_base Stats__
Vitality: 34
Strength: 33
Agility: 31
Endurance: 23
Stamina: 25

__ Special Stats __

Luck: 25
Karma: 2

__ Immunities __
Fire: 0
Ice: 0
Poison: 0
Electricity: 0
Spiritual: 4

__ Skills __ 
basic Swordsmanship
basic art of fans
basic archery

__ Special Skills __
none found

[other than being a distant relative of the city lord this student file screams mediocre at best] Terdanon was slightly disappointed

[i thought that she may have killed Drakota but judging with the statistic values, that should not be possible] 

[so he really ran away... such a shame, well lets see where his road will lead him because bounties are shared through the whole region not just around the surroundings of the city] 

[such a shame that such a young talent decided to break one of the sacred rules, resulting in this bounty on his head, but at least he is wanted alive and not dead, catching someone alive is harder than killing them by a lot] Terdanon smiled slightly as he thought about it
















Chapter 4 - Drakotas Situation

while Drakota was falling into the bottomless ravine he lost his conscious

While he was unconscious, a faintly cyan coloured cloak appeared around his pierced through heart, chest and back and started to heal him slowly.

But it did not reduce the falling speed and Drakotas Body crashed with a powerful force into the hard rocks of the ravine, creating a 5 meter deep crater on impact.

after the wound on his body closed, the clock disappeared suddenly and his body trembled slightly

-- 24 hour passed in a blink of an eye --

"uuh my body hurts so much, what happened..?" Drakota asked himself 

[I was sure that I was going to die but how did the wound on my body close itself and how did I survive the fall?! Judging by the crater, I crashed into the rocks at full speed..]

he was shocked to discover that his body was perfectly healed again and that he survived the fall while his body was completely drained and out of energy

["... young ones sure are impulsive..."] a hoarse voice echoed through his head

"what the fuck, who are you?! Show yourself!" Drakota screamed

["huh ... after so many years i finally found a new host, but it seems that this host has a slight brain damage"] the hoarse voice replied inside of his mind

"show yourself, don't insult people if you don't have the balls to say that to their face you dickhead!" Drakota was getting pissed

["I am you, you are me, we are we... also stop screaming, i am inside of your mind... focus your mind and you should be able to grasp the faint aura of myself"]

Drakota tried to focus his mind like he did while training his sword skills and discovered a slightly cyan mist inside of his mind

["Woah what is this?! Who are you... or rather... what are you?!"] he asked the mist 

["who i am is no longer important... you are too weak to know my name yet... once you become a Master you may ask this question again... until then... you better... stay....alive"] the hoarse voice is getting weaker and the mist is trembling slightly

["What is happening, are you a mental demon? What is this bullshit about being too weak, also get the fuck out of my mind"] Drakota roared

["... ah such a braindead host ... what a shame... i paid the price... to save you... from curtain death... you better stay ... alive... I need... time to... heal"]

["you.. you saved me?! Who are you?! Are you a Demon?! Why would you save me, nobody from the slums?! Are you after my body?!"] Drakota was frightened 

["... stay .... alive...."] the mist replied and disappeared 

[this... what the fuck happened with me and what is this cyan coloured mist?!] Drakota thought

"well anyway i can feel my body aching all over i guess i have to look around this bottomless ravine and check out my current situation" he said loudly to cheer himself up

as he walked through the ravine, he discovered that unlike everyone thought, it's not as bad as it seems to be at the bottom of this ravine

On this path he walked it was really quiet and the rocky ground started to change back into a more friendly environment filled with grass, flowers, small shrubs and little trees growing everywhere. 

But unlike the gardens in the academy, there is no single animal, not even a tiny insect can be found even though there was a small waterfall coming from one of the sides of the walls of this ravine.

It was a strange feeling walking in such a deserted garden without a single sound but he did not mind it as he had enough time to think about what he should do now.

[i guess i have to start by slowly getting stronger, the thing i have the most right now is time. also i can't find a way out of this ravine so i just might use it to train myself anyway unless i return in the next 4 days i will be branded as a deserter with a bounty on my head because one of the most important rules in the academy is "once you enter the academy you are not allowed to leave it unless you die" so i guess i am either a wanted criminal or a person declared as dead by now]

"Lilvyra... i hope you and everyone you love is prepared for what is to come..." he said softly while killing intent broke out of him, breaking apart the ground he was standing at

[what the fuck, since when did my killing intent become so strong that i can influence the surroundings.. Am I really possessed?]

[what was that cyan coloured mist.. it said it paid a price to save me.. well at least it did not take over my body... yet]

[well time to train my body and sword, thankfully i always prepared enough resources to last 2 years inside of my space ring]

-- 12 days passed in the blink of an eye --

*whooosh* 

Drakota sliced a wooden stick through the air and it created a strong gale 

["... you reached combat level 31 in 12 days... not bad not bad... young one"] a hoarse voice startled him out of his focus

Drakota focused his mind and found the cyan coloured mist again in his mind 

["so you are really inside of my mind?"] 

["... i told you so from the beginning... you are me, i am you...]

[".. we are we, yes yes enough of this boring way to say you are part of me bla bla"]

["tell me, why are you inside of my mind"]

["young one... I have been part of you since the day you were born... even your parents couldn't figure out that i was part of you"] 

["when... what are you?"] 

["I am a remnant soul... it does not really matter... you are still too weak to know more about me..."] 

["What do you mean I am too weak? didn't you just praise me for reaching combat level 31? how do you even know about my combat level without testing it with a device?"]

["... a device? oh i forgot fighters below the master grade can't tell someone's combat level without a device... such a backwater region..."]

["below master? Are you telling me you are at master rank?! That legendary Master rank?!"]

["... Legendary Master Rank? Is that supposed to be a joke? how dare you compare me with that garbage..."]

["what do you mean garbage.. i thought master rank is the legendary realm and they can do whatever they want"]

["... you are too weak to know about the details but if you dare to compare me to a master rank again i will destroy your mind"] threatened the hoarse voice in a cold tone

["relax you weird mist thingy, i was just asking no need for hard feelings alright"] 

["... you have to reach combat level 60 before we can leave this place..."] 

["how am i supposed to reach level 60 are you for real?!"]

[".. with my guidance you will reach combat level 60 within 2 weeks.."]

["two ... two weeks?! Stop joking around even the Elders of the academy can't teach someone from combat level 31 to combat level 60 in two weeks"]

["... I am getting pissed... first you compare me to garbage master ranks... and now you even dare to compare me to insects like your academy elders... are you tired of being alive?"]

["... if it were in my past days, one gaze would be enough to let this whole city disappear from the face of this region and you still dare compare me to those insects in your academy..."]

["stop bragging you stupid mist thingy"]

[".. kid do you want to learn or do you want to die... choose now because i am tired of your attitude..."]

["ha! what could you possible teach me, you can't even hold a sword"]

["... if I were to hold a sword... I am afraid even the heavens would be trembling in fear...ahh how long has it been since I held my treasured sword in my hands... such a shame ... such a shame"] replied the hoarse voice in a sad tone

["So you were a really really powerful swordsman?" Drakota got a little bit excited after fishing for informations

["do you want to learn or do you want to die"]

["fine i will learn, as long as i can take revenge i don't really care what you do to me"]

[".. don't worry I am not after your body.. it's too weak anyway... I am going to make you stronger but in return... i want you to kill someone for me ... once you are strong enough for the task..."]

["so even someone as great as you has revenge as his goal, huh"] Drakota sneered 

["... I am not sure if you know about your bloodline, but I am gonna tell you anyway... you are half human.. and half phoenix... you have the strong life force of the phoenix and that is the reason... i chose you as a host..."]

["half phoenix... did you say HALF PHOENIX?"]

["yes.. but unlike normal divine phoenix bloodlines yours is diluted, you may call it a headless chicken instead..."]

["... and here i was getting excited.."]

["... even as a headless chicken your lifeforce is 10 times stronger than ordinary humans or beasts, but i sealed your lifeforce at your birth, otherwise someone may have took advantage of you and dried you over a rack like a skinned animal to get that phoenix blood..."]

["do you mean, my combat statistics are stronger than they were tested for in the academy?"]

["... yes you idiot, but it's mostly your life force... that device that tests your combat power is such a outdated one it can't even recognize the phoenix bloodline"]

[".. no wonder the elders looked at me like a mystery box after they tested my combat level"]

["if i remember it correctly these devices show statistical values such as vitality, strength, agility and so on with a number.. if an ordinary being at combat level 10 has around 11 vitality it's a being with rather good lifeforce. I couldn't see your statistical values after I woke up from the deep slumber but now that I had a chance to heal... i can see your statistic values and even all your skills..."]

["soo what is my vitality compared to someone at combat level 31"]

["as you are now at 35 which is pretty good for ordinary combat level 31 but if I unseal your bloodline completely your vitality will reach 51 and that is just the first thing, all your abilities will improve dramatically.. your strength, your stamina, your endurance, your agility... even your resistances are going to explode at least the fire and spiritual ones since fire is the main attribute of your phoenix bloodline and you have me to block every spiritual attack from now on."]

["enough of talking... that sticks in your hand... its descent to scratch an itch but if you want to train with it... i am gonna kill you for real this time..."]

["i don't have a weapon with me, what am i supposed to train with if not with a stick i am not a magician"] 

["... there is a tree 50 meters away from here, rip it out of the earth and use it as a sword... if you break the tree into smaller parts i am gonna kill you..."]

["how the hell am i supposed to grip that tree with a single hand?! Do i look like a fucking Giant to you?!"]

["i don't care about such small details you better start if you don't want to die... also you are to repeat the first basic sword style move for 100.000 times..."]

[".. oh before i forget it... if you are not done by tomorrow at noon i am gonna make you suffer pain as punishment..."]

Drakota had cold sweat running down his back and he cried out "fuck fuck fuck fuck it all aaaaaaaaahrg" he ran towards the tree and ripped it out of the ground with both hands











































chapter 5 - Training

- after 24 hours passed -

as the sun reached the peak of heaven you could hear faint heavy breathing

"51.839 51.840 51.841 51.842..." an exhausted voice counted aloud

["... the time limit passed.. and you barely broke through the half?"] a cold voice drifted inside Drakotas Mind

Drakota was exhausted to the limit as he could not even responde ["..."]

[".. well it seems you got at least a bit stronger.."] the voice said cheerfully ["but as i told you yesterday, if you don't reach 100.000 repeats i am going to punish you"]

Drakota gasped for air as a sharp pain hit his brain, the world seemed to spin as he screamed in pain 

“aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh”

he desperately tried to remain conscious but the pain was so intense that his whole body started to shake

Drakota did not know how much time passed under the pressure of this intense pain but it felt like an eternity, as his body reached his limits he closed his eyes and dropped face first into the dirt still shaking crazily

- time passed quickly and in the middle of the night Drakota woke up again -

"fuck my body aches everythere, was that really necessary.." he mumbled under his breath

["well you did not manage to complete your training goal"] the voice said lazily ["a little bit of punishment was indeed necessary"]

["what do you mean by a little bit of punishment you lunatic mi..."] Drakota was about to say misty thing as he did before but his words were stuck in his throat after he discovered that the always cyan coloured mist turned into a young man

Two narrow black eyes with light golden pupils were staring at him, while he was shocked by the beautiful appearance of the eyes, he could feel the oppression of the powerful being in front of him. a wide smile and a terrifying battle scar which went diagonally from his forehead towards his left cheek, created a contrasting image on that otherwise perfect face.
the beautifully long purple hair which were tight with a simple piece of cloth, was moving as if nature itself tried to please this being

Its long athletic body gives the image of an unmovable mountain. Two thick arms rest at its sides and end in thin hands with long fingers. Its legs are giving the idea that nothing can force it to its knees as if it was made to stand for eternity. 

Its body is covered in slight cyan coloured scales on the left side which are shimmering beautifully.
 
This being is wearing a smooth coat and left it unbuttoned fully. 

The coat is a perfectly tailored fit for him. It has a subtle pinstripe pattern which gives the coat an elegant look and gives a playful touch to a classy look.

He's wearing black pants. but unlike ordinary people he does not wear shoes. That's right, this being is barefooted. 
To top it all off it's wearing a stylish belt, which is accompanied by a sword sheath, with a missing sword. 

["you... you turned into a person?!"] Drakota was shocked 

["well what do you mean by that, i was always a person, the reason i appeared as a cyan coloured mist was your fault to begin with..."] said the young man without care

["what do you mean?"] 

["... you are really an idiot. As I said before, I paid a price for saving your life, as I used my own lifeforce to activate your phoenix bloodline. I couldn't keep my spiritual form any longer and turned into the mist you saw. now that i have recovered a bit of strength i can maintain my spirituel form again.``] replied the young man annoyed

Drakota hesitated ["So what are you gonna do now? are you gonna take over my body now that you have recovered?"] 

["for fuck sake you dumb shit i told you that i dont want your body, i am gonna make you stronger and after you reach the destination, you have to kill someone for me, as you seem to be to dumb to grasp the situation, we will skip the chat and start your training session."] the young man smiled barbarously

["how am i supposed to kill someone for you that even you did not manage to kill"] replied Drakota without paying attention to the smile on the young man's face

[".. you have something that neither me nor my brothers had..."] replied the young man stunned

Drakota asked suspicious ["what do you mean?"] 

the young man's voice turned soft as he casually replied ["you have a master now..."]

["wait... you reached your peak without a master"] Drakota was speechless ["...or teacher"]

["it does not matter what i reached or what i did not reach. all that matters is that you grow stronger, the quicker the better otherwise you may die and i don't have enough strength nor the time to search for another host"] an angry reply thundered into his brain

["so how am i going to call you? I can't call you misty thing right?"] Drakota teased slightly

["i mean if you want to be punished again you can call me misty thingy anytime"] 

sweat broke out on Drakotas forehead ["no no no i was just joking"] 

the young man thought for a while and replied ["hehe you can call me Master as you are still too weak to hear my name"] 

["alright, master."] Drakota said softly as he continued ["how am i going to train today?"] 

["how? isn't it obvious? repeat the first basic sword style move for 100.000 times... and if you don't succeed by tomorrow noon.. you know what will happen, right?"] asked the young man with a beautiful smile

Drakota did not even reply as he ran towards the tree, which was lying on the ground and started to train the first basic sword move while counting loud

"1 2 3 4 5... 65 66 67 68 69 ... 417 418 419 420... 1333 1334 1335 1336 1337..." 

["let's hope that you can manage the 100.000 repeats this time otherwise you will have to endure the same training tomorrow...as well as the punishment"] the young man mumbled inside Drakotas mind

- slowly the time passed by -

"99.994 99.995 99.996 99.997 99.998 99.999.... 100.000 puh finally it's over" an exhausted voice drifted through the ravine

["you did well little brat, now tell me, what did you learn?"] asked the young man slightly surprised

["... *puh* i was supposed to learn something??"] Drakota was too exhausted to even notice the changes

the young man sneered ["as I thought you really are an idiot but at least you have a strong will to endure, I can work with that"]  

Drakota took a deep breath and started to inspect his body to find out what changed

[my muscles are bigger than before, also my gripping strength seems to be stronger... but is that all?]

["Master... can you tell me what this training was for?"] Drakota asked curious

["hehe first this training tested your will to endure, the second benefit of this training is your slightly improved basic swordsmanship but the biggest benefit is yet to be seen. what do you think will happen if you use your usual sword instead of this big clunky tree?"]

["... so it was a test with hidden benefits?"]

["well these benefits are not hidden, you just did not test it out as you don't have a sword with you right now, am i right?"] the master laughed slightly

Drakota was stunned as he couldn't remember where his sword was.. [where is that stupid sword of mine anyway, i thought i had it with me all the time]

["seems like you can't remember where your sword is, am i right?"] 

["how do you know?! can you read my thoughts?"]

["it was so obvious even a blind person would predict your thoughts, also this little vixen really toyed with you, didn't she?"]

["... you mean Lilvyra? What did she do? And how do you know?!"] 

["... i was always inside of you, passively observing your surroundings while being in deep slumber, how else would i have sensed your incoming death?"] reminded the master 

["oh that makes sense... wait a minute... does that mean you saw us during sex as well...? are you a perverted old man?..."] 

suddenly cyan coloured mist streamed out of his body and stabilized into the form of a small young boy, one head smaller than Drakota, veins started to appear on this small boy's forehead as he lifted his little fist and slammed it into Drakotas abdomen.

Drakotas Body flew out like a cannonball while he screamed in pain, as his body hit the trees behind Drakota, the thick trees shattered like little dead twigs and his body crashed into a wall.

Drakota lifted himself slowly up and as he wiped the blood from his lips away he asked in a trembling, shocked voice 

"master... you can leave my mind?"

"tell me brat do you want to die? how dare you call me a perverted old man, i was barely 291 years old when my body shattered you little shit." the master screamed

"291 years old? I am 16 so tell me, are you an old man compared to me?!" Drakota was frustrated

"you are just a slightly larger sperm compared to me, beings in the higher realm are called kids until they reach the age of 350 years, how dare you call me an old man"

"higher realm? What is that? also 350 is way too old to be called a kid, right?"

"forget it, also i cant waste too much energy chatting with you, as i am not fully healed yet,  i can keep this phantom body active for around 2 hours at most. So let's not waste time and start your real training." the small boy reprimanded Drakota

"Yes Master, what am I supposed to do?"

"We are going to focus on your close combat since you don't have a sword right now. Also after this training session i am going to impart you the special skills "ethereal eyes" and "sword finger". your next mission will be to grasp as much as you can until the next beat up session *cough cough*... eh i meant training session..." said the small master

"You can impart special skills? i thought you have to learn them for years.." this discovery went against everything Drakota had learned in the academy

"ordinary people of the lower realm can't use this way to teach but where i am from its the usual way to teach personal disciples" replied the master with a hint of pain

"enough chit chat, let's start your training"

after Drakota was beaten black and blue for 2 hours, the phantom body disappeared inside of Drakotas wrecked body and a sudden flood of informations came like a raging wave crashing into his brain causing a severe headache

[shit master did not mention that its gonna hurt but i guess it was stupid to assume that there is no price to pay for this method of teaching skills]

-- ethereal eyes --
Category: ocular special skill
Type: utility
Effect: as the user's eyes are blessed by nature, they are able to recognize ores, herbs, beasts and combat power of fighters, instantly.
Restrictions: targets can't be checked if they are 10 combat levels higher than the user

-- sword finger --
Category: advanced sword technique
Type: battle oriented special skill
Effect: the user covers his index finger with sword aura and can use it as a sword
Restrictions: sharpness and toughness depends on users body lifeforce and endurance

[holy shit these skills sound awesome] as Drakota got excited he tried to active sword finger and fainted instantly

4 hours passed and he slowly woke up again 

[what.. happened?] 

["oh so you already tried to use the skills"] the master chuckled

["you knew that this is going to happen, right master?"] Drakota asked embarrassed

["yes, did you think your body will be able to handle imparted skills as if you were born with them?"]

["you could have at least said so..."] Drakota mumbled

["15 days passed since you fell into this ravine, in the next 10 days, you will have 2 hours combat training, 5 hours of sword practice with the tree as a sword substitute and 4 hours of training with each skill to get your body used to them, then you are going to meditate 5 hours under the small waterfall there and 4 hours to rest. if you complete this training you should be able to reach combat level 60, if you don't reach combat level 60 after 10 days, i am going to increase your beat up session *cough cough* combat training to 6 hours daily."] the master told Drakota his training plan with a happy tone

["... what kind of hellish training is this? are you for real master?"] Drakota hesitates slightly as this was the hardest training plan he heard until today

["if you dare to be lazy i am gonna punish you, also the faster you get stronger the faster you can take revenge.."] the master added teasingly ["or did you forgive them already?... is your word only worth as much as dust?"]

Drakota trembled slightly and his burning desire to take revenge gave him a sudden motivational boost as he screamed 

"WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR MASTER LETS START THE TRAINING RIGHT NOW"

















Chapter 6 -  I am back!

- the days where Drakota was beaten black and blue daily passed in the blink of an eye -

*heavy breathing*

Drakota asked, exhausted "..master.. Did I reach the goal you set for the past 10 days..?"

the small Phantom Body of the master raised an eye and astonishment was visible in its eyes

"you little brat... seems like i underestimated your talent slightly... you reached Combat Level 78... that's a rather big surprise, seems like i made the right choice." 

"... master, I am sorry to disa..." Drakota spoke without paying attention ".. did.. did you say i reached combat level 78?!" he suddenly screamed out.

As the master used his special ocular type skill Eternal Dragon Eyes to check out Drakota he was completely stunned to discover the explosive change in his statistical values.

"Yes I did tell you, that you reached Combat Level 78... also your statistical values... even i can't believe it changed so much, seems like I really underestimated your talent, your potential as well as the explosive power hidden deeply in this diluted bloodline of yours.." 

"Master, how come you can see statistical values? i thought Ethereal Eyes can only show Combat Level?" he noticed this small detail and decided to ask directly

the little body replied in a mysterious tone "Hmm that's right, Ethereal Eyes can only show Combat Level, but who said i am using Ethereal Eyes to check your Conditions?" 

[so master seems to have an even more powerful Ocular type Skill, i wonder how many awesome skills master has and how many he is going to implant into me] at this thought he got so excited that he forgot about the shocking words the master spoke as well as the expression his master had a moment ago

"Boy, no need to get excited, you still have to get out of this ravine, and if i remember correctly you said something about a bounty on your head.." suddenly remembered him mentioning a bounty

"oh fuck i forgot about the bounty, well i can't change this anyway so why worry about it" Drakota did not really care

the master raised his eye "so you are not afraid of being killed? Did I hit your head too much in the past 10 days or did your ego grow so much after reaching combat level 78?" while his tone dropped slightly 

Drakota noticed the slight change in the tone of his masters and he replied instantly "no no master i mean if i can't change the things that happen, why should i put more pressure towards myself by thinking about this useless things, instead i could use time to train, also i think if i return i will firstly be captured and then questioned since i am technically still on academy grounds nobody has the right to kill me" 

[this kid sure has a good mindset, to be able to throw thoughts to the side if they were useless for him to grow] 

"well with me guarding you, nobody will be able to kill you in this realm" the master threw in without thinking "unless it's one of those Decoy Hunting Dogs that my dear friend trained painfully, but i don't think they care that much about a little shit like you anyway"  

the master added "but i wont act in fights between people you should be able to defeat. If i started to beat the people up for you, you would not grow, so unless you are really about to die, i won't move a finger, let me warn you though, if the academy decides to kill you, i won't mind to bury the whole city 10 meter deep into the ground, now that i can keep my phantom body for 12 hours it will be childsplay to massacre every living being here, so unless you are close to death, i will only help you analyze your combats and give you hints on how to improve"

"Decoy Hunting Dogs? What is Decoy?"

"Let me ask you, since your academy has a bounty system, is there a blackboard with a small brand mark of a coffin at the side?"

Drakota thought about it before replying "there is a blackboard, yes but I never paid enough attention to any brand marks. Is it important?"

"Well sooner or later you will find out anyway so it should not matter if i tell you more about this world."

"as you know the bounties set up are not bound to a city but they count for the whole realm, this is thanks to the organization behind the bounty system. This organization was built from scratch by one of my brothers, this organization is called Decoy, as every city has a bounty system, every city has someone affiliated to Decoy hidden within. Only the higher Authorities know about this though, so unless you have power you won't even be able to set up a bounty. There are also very strict rules for setting up bounties, for example if you set up a bounty while providing false information about the target's battle strength, the special unit of decoy, the hunting dogs i spoke of, will visit you and massacre every single person related to you by blood within the city. The same goes if you set up a bounty with a reward but refuse to pay for it after it's finished. these hunting dogs are specially trained to assassinate on the first try, if they don't succeed they are forced to kill themself on the spot, under this pressure, every single one from this special unit is a crazy lunatic and they don't care about their own safety at all, if they can't kill you they will die anyway. This friend of mine has a rather direct approach of teaching these hunting dogs, he beats them black and blue daily for 2 months straight and only those who did not break are able to become hunting dogs."

*gulp*

[If the master is so powerful already, how strong is the person who created Decoy and set up a realm-wide bounty system?!]

"master... who is stronger between you and your friend" he hesitated a bit while asking curiously

"well the last time we had a spar we were evenly matched, the deciding moment of the battle is the first strike, if you manage to block the first strike, you have pretty much won since assassins are not made for a dragged out battle, but it's not easy to survive the first strike of blood trained assassins, especially my friend, who killed so many high level figures and was countless times dancing with death itself. So basically we were even but now I probably won't be able to last a breath against him since I don't have my body anymore." explained the master with a hint of sadness

[holy shit, are all friends of the master so powerful?! Does that mean that i might have the chance to meet masters friends someday?!] excitement filled Dracota

"Relax, you idiot, it's time to return to your academy, also I will guard you against spiritual attacks and nobody will be able to scan your combat level if we don't want them to know. But since you have a bounty on your head, I won't hide your combat level nor will we hide your statistical values. I will use the resources of the academy to train you secretly while your job will be playing the hard working student. also whatever you decide to do, remember i will always support you, even if you decide to massacre this city i will help you as you are worth more than a bunch of ants in my eyes anyway." said the master without care while his Phantom Body faded into Dracota again

Dracota was stunned by this but found something rather important and asked ["master, how do i get out of this place?"] 

[" *sigh* you idiot go to the part of the ravine where the walls are as close as possible, use your feet to jump from one wall to the other wall and repeat until you reach the top of the ravine, this should take a bit of strength but you should be able to do it."]

["what the hell this is so simply why did i not think of this"]

as Dracota jumped towards the top of the ravine, time flew by

It was early morning, not even the first sunshine was seen yet as a figure jumped out of the ravine and landed in front of the ravine, took a deep breath and focused his eyes to figure out where he exactly was.

[this should be the side of the ravine closer to the elder grounds, anyway i have time and a powerful master beside me, there is nothing to worry about too much]

as he started to walk towards the elder grounds, he was immediately noticed by one of the guards

He focused his eyes and saw a small figure with ginger coloured dreadlocks, braided to reveal a thin, radiant face. big round pink eyes, looked at him with killing intent. 

There's something irregular about the feeling he got from her. 

["oooh someone is trying to pressure you with killing intent?"] the master chuckled slightly 

[let's try to use my ethereal eyes on a person now, can't wait to test it out] as he thought about this he activated his Ethereal Eyes

[pff... combat level 68?!] he discovered shockingly

["why do you act so surprised, do you think you are in the strongest academy in this realm?"] the master replied lazily ["also you are not allowed to talk to this person, use her to test out your combat strength"] [that way it should be more interesting hehe] though the master with a cruel smile

["why should i fight with her?"] 

["ooh when did you learn to question my orders?"] a threatening voice drifted into his mind ["is punishment needed?"] 

["no master! i will fight her, i will fight her!"] 

"Who are you?! How dare you trespass into the elder grounds?!" a screeching voice entered his ears 

as she screeched in a questioning tone, she took a glance at this figure in front of her as the sun rose slightly to illuminate the surrounding, she was shocked to discover the figure in front of her

long red chaotic hair hangs that covered this person's face slightly. Dancing silver eyes, looking with a strange glow towards her as if he could peek into her very soul. a slight shiver ran down her back, as she saw the horrifying scar on this person's chest where the heart is supposed to be, this scar looks like a tormenting memory of his past.

This figure in front of her was Dracota. He stood there without even a slight movement and gave off a faintly oppressing feeling.

She checked his clothes to discover any hints of this person's identity but this person was only wearing black pants and nothing else, no shirt, no shoes, no cloak or anything that may hint at his identity.

she began to open her move in an attempt to ask again who this person was but as the first word came out "who..." she discovered that the person in front of her disappeared

[huh? where did this person go?!] she thought as a faint frosty voice drifted into her ears from behind

"You are not used to battles are you? if i were your enemy you would be dead right now" as he slightly stroked her neck with his index finger. 

"aaaargh how dare you touch me, you are dead, i will kill you!!!" she cried out while trembling in fright

"who are you trying to threaten here?" he asked softly as he went past her, ignoring her threats completely

"how dare you ignore me" as she screamed this she decided to sneakily attack this person back

["Boy, why are you playing around so much?"] as this voice rang inside of Dracotas mind

he unconsciously turned around and threw a punch into the woman who was directly behind him trying to attack.

as his fits connected to her abdomen, her body collapsed and blood leaked out of her mouth

"ahhh fuck i am so sorry i didn't mean to hurt you so much" he said helplessly

["master dont scare me so much, i almost killed her"] Dracota said angry

["who cares about her anyway, finish up your business and return to somewhere isolated, i want to beat you *cough* teach you combat training again."] replied the master slightly
 
meanwhile the scream from earlier attracted the attention of the other guards who were nearby

["some flies are on their way towards you. This is gonna be your first battle against more than one person, this is perfect. Use it to gain experience, you can hold back if you don't want to kill them but i don't think you will be able to hold back that long"] he said as he chuckled

Dracota was getting cold feet [if the master says that i won't be able to hold back... how many and how strong are these guards?!] 

*wooosh* *rumble* *woosh*

around 12 figures appeared in front of him, he did not hesitate and activated his Ethereal Eyes





Combat Level 59
Combat Level 61
Combat Level 63
Combat Level 71
Combat Level 54
Combat Level 80
Combat Level 82
Combat Level ??
Combat Level ??
Combat Level ??
Combat Level ??
Combat Level ??

[Fuck out of these 12 figures 5 were higher than Combat Level 88?! Are you for real?!] he was shocked

"Who are you, where is the female guard?!" one of the guardians asked directly

"She is here, she fainted and seems to be injured, i will take her to the Doctor right now." said one of the strongest Guardians as he disappeared immediately

"Interesting, boy, now that you decided to hurt a guardian of the elder grounds, we will capture you and make sure that the Elders of the Punishment Hall take you to a special place to question you." the weakest guard sneered

"out of every single person here, you are the weakest, so why are you barking so much" Dracota replied without a care

[interesting he is not afraid, even though he is surrounded] the leader thought with a surprised face

one of the guardians stepped forward and said proudly "you dare to insult one of us, i will finish you in two seconds, no need for the seniors to lift a finger" as he finished he rushed towards Dracota and slashed out with his broadsword

*boom*

a dust cloud was formed by the impact, as the dust settled every single guardian had a shocked expression. 

Dracota was standing at the same Spot, in front of him was the guard that attacked him, who looked as if he pissed himself from the shock of this scene in front of him. 

"How.. How can this be?! You catched my sword with 2 fingers?! WHO ARE YOU?!" he screamed in panic.

Dracota was surprised himself because his body reacted instinctively as he saw the broadsword coming towards him, he reached with his right hand out and caught it between his index finger and middle finger 

[damn the training combat with master sure paid out alot] 

Dracota put slightly more strength into his fingers, lifted the broadsword with the guardian and with a fling, threw the guardian to the side

[this thing feels so light compared to the tree] he thought while he slashes out gentle

*cracking sounds*

as he slashed out gentle the broadsword broke into pieces instantly and even the rocky road in front of him had a 3 meter long scar from the impact of the strong force that was released just by swinging it gently

[woah what the heck, i just gave it a gentle swing not even a serious strike and it already broke into pieces? was that broadsword a toy?] he thought silently 

as the guardians saw this scene the weaker ones had their knees shaken and looked towards the leader of them with a worried face

the leader was stupefied as well as he did not expect this person to have such a strong sword move 

[who is this person, that sword strike just now looked as if he swung it gently, it must be a master level technique. Is he a direct disciple from one of the elders? If he is and we decided to stop him from meeting with his teacher we are in deep trouble especially since we attacked first just now] he cursed his stupid college silently

"who are you, if you are a direct disciple of one of the elders, why do you keep your identity a secret from us?" asked the leading Guard

"i am not a direct disciple of one of the elders, if i assume correctly, i should have a bounty placed on my head as well"

[Bounty? Wait, this guy seems kinda familiar... Where have i seen this face before...] the leader thought for a moment before crying out

"if I assume that he is... you are ... YOU ARE DRACOTA, that Student who is marked as capture alive only and has a bounty of 55 blue Crystals?!" while he spoke his voice turned from an assuming tone into a confident one

[ooh so they only want to capture me alive, but why is my bounty so high? the highest bounty i saw up today was the bounty of Black Face, something feels off] 

["not bad kid, 55 blue Crystals for a mere combat level 24 kid, you sure know how to anger others"] the master praised while chuckling

["master... am i allowed to talk to them or do i have to fight them?"]

["hmm.. you may talk otherwise this is gonna take ages"] 

"Your assumption is correct. i am indeed Dracota." he replied while stretching his body trying to pose as someone cool

"Dracota, as the leading Guard it's my Duty to take you into Custody, do you surrender yourself or should i make a move"

["i don't like his tone, teach him a lesson"] 

["master... his combat level is higher than mine..."]

["i said, teach him a lesson or i am gonna teach you a lesson"] 

Dracota shook his head and said desperately "make your move then as I, Dracota, will never bow before someone else"

the leading guard was slightly shocked by this unexpected reply, his mood dropped instantly, veins popped up on his forehead as he walked slowly towards the young teenager in front of him

"well it was your choice, not mine. A little bit of pain is fine i think" he said while he suddenly appeared behind Dracota with unexpected speed

*booom*

"not bad not bad, you are the first person who i have to take serious since my return" Dracota said catchy trying to impress the guards

"For someone so young you sure are strong, how come it says your combat level is at 24, if it were at 24 how would you be able to negate my punch so easily?" 

"well unexpected events and a hard learned lesson changed me and i improved slightly" replied Dracota without revealing too much informations 

the guard sneered as he continued to punch at Dracota like punching a sandbag, instead of enduring the punches, Dracota easily avoided them, since the combat training with his master, every move this guard did seems to be in slow motion for Dracota as he thought 

[he is so slow, why is he so slow. Did masters training help me improve so much that I can fight stronger people now easily? it feels like i am fighting against a little 5 year old child] 

a couple of minutes later the leader was already exhausted and started to breath rapidly

[Is this a joke? already out of air? you are supposed to be stronger than me, whats wrong with you] Dracota mocked this guard in his thoughts

as the attacks from the guard started to look sluggish, Dracota casually punched out *boom* dust flew everywhere, the guards were shocked to discover that their leader, that undefeated figurehead of theirs, was send flying like a ragdoll as his body hit the floor, the leaders face was full of disbelieve as he tasted a metallic liquid inside his mouth

[he is so strong holy shit why is there such a difference between the bounty information and Dracotas actually strength, what did he mean by unexpected events, and what bullshit "slightly improved" its like he turned from a cat into a tiger in a couple of days] 

as he tried to stand up a loud voice interrupted everyones thoughts 

"it's so early in the morning and you are causing trouble already, if you don't have a good reason for this, i, Delura, will bury you all here as punishment for disrupting my beauty sleep, you pigheads" 

as Dracota turned around and took a look at this women, who was standing in front of the guards with just a pajama, his nose almost started to bleed 

["Hey kid, is this your first time seeing a woman? i thought you had sex with that vixen Lilvyra"] the master made fun of him

Delura took a look at the guards and discovered that all of them were looking at her chest area, as she looked down she noticed that she was wearing a rather revealing piece of cloth right now and blushed slightly, with a slap a few guard were immediately knocked out

as she turned around she saw a young man with a slight bleeding nose and her face blushed even more but as she was about to hit him as well she discovered that this young man seemed rather familiar

[this is weird why do i have the impression that i know this brat] as she was hit by a sudden enlightenment she screamed

"Dracota you little bastard, you finally decided to return?! where have you been how dare you leave the academy without permission as an elder i am going to take you into custody right now" as she finished she used a spirituel spell on this youth as she did not want to get closer to any of these perverts right now

[why do i have a strange heavy feeling right now] Dracota thought for a moment before his master's voice interrupted his thoughts

["hooo this woman sure knows how to carry herself, she does not want to be touched or touch you so much that she resorted to a spiritual attack, sadly for her this is not gonna work since i am here"]

["wait she attacked me right now? is that the reason why i felt a strange heavy feeling right now?"] 

["yes, this is a hypnotic type of spiritual attack, if i assume correctly she just wants to knock you out and take you into custody"] 

["do i have to fight her?"]

["you? fighting her? in your wet dreams maybe, she is way way stronger than you, even hundreds of you won't be able to last against one move from her if she is serious, this is kinda interesting, i didn't expect to find someone of this level here but in my eyes she is still nothing more than a slightly prettier ant"] replied the master as if he didn't care about his situation at all

["What am I supposed to do then? run away?"]

["why do you want to run, just turn yourself in and let them question you for a bit, just say the truth about what happened before you fell down the ravine and say you encountered sudden enlightenment and trained like a mad man as only the thought of revenge kept you alive"]  

"there is no need to attack me, miss.. sorry i don't know who you are actually" he replied with a faint smile 

[interesting, this kid did not faint. lets see what he has to offer then]

"do you want me to make another move or do you follow me on your own" she asked

"I will follow you as there is no way that i could match your battle strength..." he replied while mumbling "...at least not now"

one of the earlier defeated weaker guards started to mock him "what was that earlier? you never bow down before others? how come you bow down infront of miss Delura like a dog now?!" 

Delura turned her head, waved her hand and the guard who mocked Dracota, exploded into bloody mist, she then said frosty

"How dare you mock someone who beat you up, there is no need to keep trash like you alive. Does anyone else want to comment?" 

every single butthole clenched so tight that you could hear them suck in air at the same time

"Dracota, follow me." she commanded

the master laughed out ["this woman sure has style, i like her, you should learn from her"]

["... you have a strange sense of humor master"] 
["hmpf what do you know you little brat, go and follow her"]
Chapter 7 - new relationships

As Dracota followed Delura silently into the elder grounds, they went past a lot of private houses of elders, the scenery was quite beautiful as the early sun illuminated the gardens, while the plants reflected the sunlight slightly, this gave off a special feeling thanks to the little sparkling dots everywhere. 

"Wait here, i have to change first... if you dare to leave..." she made a threatening gesture

"I won't run, Miss ... i still don't know your name.." he said slightly embarrassed

"Delura, kid. You better behave otherwise it's the last name you will hear before you die"

"i understand, miss Delura" Dracota said without caring too much about her threats

"You sure are a cocky student, since when are students allowed to call me miss instead of elder? or do you suggest that you are as strong as elders now?" she chuckled while looking at him curiously

[looks like this brat got a lot stronger, this kid gives off a very interesting aura, one that you should only feel from battle trained fighters, also his reactions are way way better compared to the other students, most of them are always at the edge of fainting while speaking to elders but he is different he speaks to me as if we were almost on equal standing and not elder and student, if the dean does not want him, i think i will take him, i kinda like this change in his behavior, now that i took a closer look, he also quite handsome but this scar on his chest is very strange, it should be a fatal wound but he does not seem injured at all] she was in thoughts while entering her private house

[in the past i would have shit my pants, if i were threatened by an elder like this, but i guess i am a lot calmer now thanks to the constant death threats of my master...] Dracota thought [looks like a hidden benefit of angering master from time to time hehe] 

as he took a look around he finally paid attention to the private house of Miss Delura

From the outside this house looks very clean. It has been built with white jade bricks. Strangely shaped, wide windows let in plenty of light and give off an image of butterfly wings from afar as the mosaic pattern gives these windows another charming touch on top of it.

there is also a beast sleeping at the side of the house, this beast is very large, if he assumed correctly it should be at least half as big as the house itself and is probably the mount of Miss Delura while he activated his Ethereal Eyes to check out the beast probably

Beastname: Grey Mountain Wolf
type: canine beast
rank: earth
nature: aggressive, lazy
attribute: none
description:
Gey Mountain Wolfs are ferocious beasts and as the name might suggest they are part of the mountain's ecosystems, they are hard to tame and either very aggressive or lazy. If successfully tamed, these beasts are the most loyal towards their owner and would rather die than betray the owner, as a canine type beast they are both capable of assisting in battles as well as a simple mount to ride

[as i suspected, this beast is not simple at all, i should ask master about the ranking system of beasts to get a better image of how strong this thing is]

["master, are you awake?"]

["yes, what do you want?"] 

["could you explain the beast rank to me? this beast here is earth rank but i am not familiar with beast ranks at all"] 

["beast ranks ... hmm... as far as i recall in the lower realm the ranking of beast should be 4 ranks, starting from the weakest one there should be rankless, earth, infernal, heavenly... but there are actually 6 ranks of beasts the last two ranks are only found in the higher realm which are the void rank and the divine rank..."] 

["hmm so how big are the differences between ranks?"] while he thought [master mentions the lower and higher realm again... what does he mean by that? ah forget about it for now since master does not elaborate on this further i might be too weak to know this]

["usually it's said that for example one earth rank beast can battle three to five unranked beasts, depending on the type of beast. the higher the rank the bigger the difference in power is, for example one infernal rank beast is as strong as at least ten earth ranks and but this time it does not matter which type of beast it is, as even an infernal house cat would beat ten of these Grey Mountain Wolfs you see lying at the side of the house"] 

Dracotas eyes light up instantly ["infernal house cat? is there such a thing?"] 

["well, boy you know nothing about this world, there are as many beasts as stars at night"] the master chuckled 

*squuek*

as the house door opened, Delura walked out and saw Dracota checking out her mount beast, she immediately went into her usual teaching mode and started to explain "this is the Grey Mountain Wolf, it's one of the stronger canine type beasts around Bellheim, its rank is earth..oh i should clarify the ranking first, there are only four ranks in beasts, it goes from lowest to stronger in this order, rankless - earth - infernal - heavenly, this one i tamed on my own before i became an elder of this academy. She and I went through a lot of battles together and we can understand each other with just a glance. Sooner or later you should be able to tame a beast mount on your own or you take the lazy route and try to finish a mission that gives one of those boring beast mounts we breed in the academy" she explained proudly

Dracota started to suspect [why does she say there are only 4 ranks? shouldn't she now about the other 2 ranks as well as an elder? or does that have something to do with the realms master mentioned....] 

"well enough chit chat, follow me, we are going to the dean of the academy." she replied and started to walk towards the center of the elder grounds 

as they went through the elder grounds, a couple of elders started to whisper with each other

"So early in the morning.. Miss Delura and this handsome young man are walking together... Are they dating?" a female elder asked

"*sshhh* be quiet if they hear you, you might get beaten up by miss Delura, you know her temper" replied an older colleague

"they sure look like a cute couple tho" said another female elder excited

"*pfff*.. what are you talking about, who is he to stand next to my Delura *cough*... i mean miss Delura'' a visible jealously young elder said

the elders turned around and saw the faint killing intent in this young elders eyes and right at this moment a beautiful clear voice drifted into their ears as it said mockingly "you sure have guts to compare your ugly ass face to someone so handsome as this young man next to that bitch Delura"

the person who spoke thought [if i were a bit stronger than Delura, i would probably fight with her over this little treasure that is next to her, i really love how he gives off a faint aura, if they are just student and teacher tho, i could try to seduce him, he should be a good little toy for my collection] 

"how dare you say i have an ugly ass face, atleast i dont fuck around with every male student in the academy, you thirsty hoe" 

"ooh you dare to talk to me like this? Let's go to the arena and have a battle, shall we?"

"*pff* why... why should i waste my time with a pointless battle with you" the young elder replied with a shaky voice

as these elders continued to talk with each other Delura and Dracota arrived in front of the dean's office

*knock knock*

"Lord Terdanon, i am sorry to disturb you this early in the morning but i brought you a very special surprise" Delura said with a meaningful smile as she looked at Dracota

Dracota went a step back [Why does she look at me like that?] 

as a tired voice came through the door "Delura? you may enter" 

Delura gestured towards Dracota to go first as if she were afraid that he would disappear in the next second, as Dracota went into the room with Delura directly behind him, the old man, who was sitting in front of him suddenly stood up and rushed in front of him with sparkling eyes, as this was such an unexpected reaction, Dracota instinctively punched out without holding back *booom* as the fist connected to the chest of this old, the bookshelf on the left side of them exploded into tiny pieces from the sudden air pressure, Delura, Terdanon and Dracota was stunned for a while by this sudden twist of events

Delura laughed loud "Boy you sure have guts to punch the Dean of Academy like this, i like you even more now" she praised him while throwing him a thumb up 

Terdanon was surprised by the reaction speed as well as the powerful force of this young student in front of him "you have good instincts and your combat power seems to be stronger now, tell me young man, where were you, why did you run away from the academy?" he asked curiously

Dracota said sheepishly "you acted so suddenly I am sorry I punched out Lord Dean but may i ask what you mean by run away from academy?"

Both Delura and Terdanon raised an eyebrow as Delura interrupted "Let me ask you, did you leave behind a note saying you will leave the academy behind?"

[Is it just as I thought? these little shits lied to me?!] Delura was getting angry

[interesting, i knew that something seemed fishy about this whole situation] Terdanons interest was picked up by this even more

"leave the academy? Why would I break a rule that will cost me my life?" as Dracota asked he suddenly had faint killing intent as he said "Did Lilvyra tell you that?" as he clenched his fist the faint aura which Delura felt earlier exploded suddenly as if a tsunami was about to hit the shore, this aura filled with killing intent and bloodlust stunned both Elders

Terdanon thought [what the... why does he have such a brutally strong killing intent at such a young age] while Delura was even more impressed by him [i knew it! this kid is not simple, god i hope the dean won't mind if take him as a disciple as well] she made up her mind

"It's just like you said, Lilvyra told me about a note that you left behind, as i wanted to see the note she said she burned in a fit of rage and her three brothers confirmed this story.." Delura continued, "are you saying it is not that simple?"

*cracking sound* 

the aura around Dracota suddenly condensed even more and the floor below Dracota started to crack apart, his voice filled with the desire for revenge "that little bitch, you even made up a cover story for your crime..." 

["brat, keep your aura under control otherwise your elders might think you are possessed by a devil"] as Dracota heard his master's voice his aura vanished instantly which surprised the elders even more 

[he has such a good control of his emotions, i am kinda impressed] Terdanon was excited

[not bad even some elders can't control themselves like he does including me] Delura thought embarrassed

"Lord Dean, Miss Delura, i am sorry for showing a lack of self control also Lord Dean i am sorry for destroying your bookshelf as well as your floor..." he apologized embarrassed as he continued "25 days ago.. no it should be 26 days ago, Lilvyra called me to meet her, at the bottomless ravine, as she was my girlfriend i did not suspect anything strange and thought she wanted to hang out with me but oh boy was i wrong to assume that..." 

"Continue." Terdanon said

"As we met up at the bottomless ravine, her three brothers suddenly came as well, as they started to provoke me, i turned around and wanted to teach them a lesson but at exactly this moment, a shortsword, a shortsword that i gifted Lilvyra out of love, pierced into my back, through my heart and went out of my chest, as it left behind this very scar you see on my chest." he pointed towards the huge scar on his chest while Delura who was standing at the side suddenly decided to take a look at his back and discovered a matching scar on the back as well, shocked she nodded towards Terdanon as if to confirm Dracotas story

[Interesting, they tried to kill him but there should be a good reason, right?] as they thought

"as i asked full of disbelieve why she would do this to me, her reply was a simple statement saying i am getting stronger too fast and she is slowly losing control, as if i were a pet beast she lost interest in, but i guess in her eyes i was nothing more than that anyway since she only choose me to train her Mind Trap skill...anyway she decided that stabbing me through the heart was not enough so she kicked my badly injured body into the bottomless ravine.  As I was falling down the ravine, my hidden bloodline activated and my body started to heal while still airborne. After I woke up from being unconscious, my mind had only one target, to take revenge. Filled with this desire i had a sudden inspiration and started to train like a madmen day and night." he said in one go without a break

"Did you say.. you fell down the bottomless ravine?!" Delura was shocked

"yes, it's not bottomless, it took me around 3 hours to jump my way up from there, and as i returned to the surface, i was already inside the elder grounds and got into a slight conflict with the guards there." he replied honestly

"impressive kid, but your story has a fatal flaw" as Terdanon said that he used a special skill and tried to enter Dracota mind to read his memories while he said "your growth is too extreme for sudden inspiration, let's find out your secrets. Delura restrain him!"

Delura did not hesitate as she also felt that something is wrong and restrained Dracota instantly while Terdanon entered the mindspace of Dracota

[hmm there is nothing special here except for this cyan coloured mist that's blocking my sight] Terdanon was surprised 

["how dare you sneak attack me, even if you are the Dean who gives you the right to enter my mind without permission"] Dracotas Voice sounded through the mindspace

Terdanon was perplexed ["kid you can enter your own mindspace at such a young age? also why would i need to ask for permission, the strong are always right, take it as a life lesson, now lets see what you hide"] as he increased the power of his skill

Delura, who was restraining Dracota from the side suddenly felt a chill run down her back as faint cyan coloured mist spread out of Dracotas Body as she called out "Lord Terdanon something is wrong, there is cyan coloured mist coming out of his body, i never saw something like that" as she moved back 

Terdanon who heard her, suddenly canceled his special skill and as his eyes refocused he saw a small child standing with his hand behind his back in front of Dracota who was breathing heavy 

as the child's small hand moved towards Dracotas shoulder, Dracotas body seemed to relax as if nothing happened at all 

[what is this? is this a high level devil? fuck this might turn out bad i dont have my spear with me] Terdanon was getting frustrated

[was this kid possessed?!] Delura thought skeptical 
 
"you tiny insects dare to use a mind search skill on my little student?" a cold voice came out of the child's mouth

"Insects?!" Delura was pissed by this insult from this tiny piece of shit in front of her, as she was about to rush forward, Terdanon blocked her with his right arm while asking "who are you or what are you"

"you are not worthy to know my name, but since you dared to use a forbidden skill on my student i guess i will have to repay you both with a bit of pain" said the child with a chuckle 

as the eyes of the child looked up at the two elders their bodies flew out and crashed into the wall, fixed into it as if they were crucified and bound by chains

"what the fuck..." Delura was shocked and Terdanon had cold sweat starting to form on his forehead

"Are you a high rank devil?" Terdanon asked with hesitation

[this time i might have made a mistake, this child is too powerful we might all die, fuck i acted without thinking] 

"master.. dont kill them, they are still my elders" Dracota said weakly

"Brat, I don't care who they are, if I want I will bury the whole city with them, how dare they touch my student in front of me. If you were stronger i wouldn't mind but how dare someone with Combat Level 291 use a forbidden technique on my student who is at combat level 78.."

[he can check my combat level without a device?! fuck who is this] Terdanon was scared shitless as a terrifying rumor came into his mind [...Nec... Necrotix the master swordsman....] 

[ah fuck, master is pissed, its over, its over for them]

"please don't kill them, i need them to get stronger you said so yourself" 

[this kid sure know how to play with me now] the master thought as he said "*pff* i will spare you insects, you should thank this idiot for your second chance at life, but to repay this debt, you will train him from now on with sparing, no need to hold back, just dont kill him and it's fine even if you beat him black and blue, also no need to pay any special attention to him, just give him a sword and an isolated place to train. oh and you better keep my existence a secret otherwise there will be no place for you to breathe." the master threatened  

Delura thought about this and said "Sir, i wanted to take him in as a disciple anyway so i am fine with training especially this kind of training its the most suited for me" 

Terdanon on the other hand suddenly asked "Sir... is your Name.... Necrotix?" 

[Why is Lord Terdanon suddenly asking such a weird question? Necrotix? Wasn't this the rumored swordmaster who died here?] 

the child had a sudden spark in his eyes as he asked curiously "ooh you heard of my name? interesting in that case i may keep you around"

[Necrotix?! Is that master's name?! what kind of name is this?!] Dracota was shocked

[so he really is Necrotix...fuck is this good or bad?!] Terdanons mind went into chaos

Delura thought [he... he is the rumored master swordsman and judging by the power he displayed earlier, it's not an air filled title..]

"Oh and don't interfere with his battles, he needs to grow stronger as fast as possible. if you have high risk missions give him permission to take those, he needs battle experience, as long as he does not die, even i wont move a finger, i just acted because you forced my hand... there is no way this brat can fight you at the moment" the master reminded them 

"we understand Master Necrotix" Terdanon replied as he looked at Dracota as if he found a treasure

"Dracota from now on you are my direct student, you will get your own area in the elder grounds as well as a new sword, new clothes and a payment of 10 blue crystals per month as this is the standard benefit for direct students of elders" Terdanon said

"Delura, you are also to teach him with actual combat battle until he is strong enough to explore freely around the City Area" Terdanon said

"Yes Lord Terdanon!" Delura said excited [finally i have my own sandbag] she thought

"Boy, listen to these two, i will go back into slumber, don't call me if its not serious, also i will give you something that you will love" the master said mysterious as his Phantom Body disappeared into Dracota, a sharp pain tormented Dracotas mind

-- Sword Body --
Category: special skill body transformation
type: battle oriented body skill
effect: allows the user to train his body to be as sharp as a sword, enhances all sword techniques by 25%
restrictions: user needs to endure sword strikes to increase mastery of this body transformation skill

-- Sword Aura -- 
category: special skill coating
type: enchantment skill
effect: covers the blade of the sword with killing intent, doubles the sharpness of the sword
restrictions: killing intent must be condensed, depletes stamina rapidly

-- shadow step -- 
category: movement skill
type: utility
effect: moves instantly in one direct like a shadow
restraints: can be used in quick succession

[what the fuck?! master imparted 3 skills?!] 

["thank you so much master is the best!!!"] he screamed inside his mind

["hehe little brat train well, i hope you reach combat level 150 by the time i wake up"] the masters voice said faintly

[combat level 150?! How long am I supposed to train?! wait how long is the master going to sleep?] 

"Dracota, where did your master go?"] Terdanon asked curiously

"he went back into my body, his soul is inside of me and he said that he was there from the moment i was born" Dracota replied without holding back

"ooh so he is always with you?" Delura asked

Dracota nodded "Yes, but he won't interfere in my battles, he said he only acts if i am close to death or i am fighting with someone, who he thinks i can't beat. Well actually my master is very strict, the training session i had with him was way too brutal, i was beaten black and blue every single day for 2 hours.. it was so painful but i like it, i am getting stronger faster than anyone i know." 

"from combat level 24 to combat level 78 in around 26 days? what the hell did he teach you" Delura was speechless

"oh Lord Terdanon, we have to remove the Bounty" Delura suddenly remembered a small detail

"Just go and claim it as a reward, Delura. Also keep everything that happened here a secret today, even if you have to die!" reminder Terdanon her

[we might have found a huge guardian for our academy, i have to create a very deep relationship with Dracota, in time of need he and his master will be our ace, even if his master is using us as whetstone for Dracota, i will use them as a hidden Weapon of the Academy] Terdanon thought

"Dracota, you know that even though you are now a direct student, you are still not allowed to kill people randomly, right?" 

"yes, i know that Lord Dean" 

"call me Teacher" Terdanon replied with a smile

[teacher huh? now that master scared the shit out of them, i bet i could get away with murder anyway] he thought 

"oh you probably don't know about the other benefits of being a direct student, right?" Terdanon suddenly added

"other benefits?" 

"yes, on top of the benefits i mentioned earlier, direct students can force students into life and death battles, normal students don't have the right to refuse but direct students do have this right. basically you could force any normal student into the life and death arena but it's usually not used since most direct students are rather arrogant and ignore normal student"

"also, take this" as he said this, he threw a token into Dracotas hand, at the front of the Token was "Elder Token" engraved and at the back of the token "Terdanon"

"with this token you can enter all the public buildings and restricted floors in the academy, also you can move freely inside the elder grounds, also since its my token, elders of the punishment hall can't arrest you without talking to me first" Terdanon said with a hint

"i will call a friend of mine who is a blacksmith specialized on sword forging, to forge a special sword for you as a welcome gift from me" 

"now that most of the things are clarified, what do you want to do?"

"hmm first i would like to wash myself and get a good round of sleep if possible but i don't know where" he replied embarrassed

"oh well, wait a moment" 

"Delura, call Elder Xiara, she has to show Dracota to his new private Area immediately" Terdanon raised his voice

"Yes, Lord Terdanon! Dracota follow me, also you have to call me Sister Delura in the future since we have the same teacher now" she revealed a secret that even most elders are not familiar with

"yes... sister" Dracota replied while blushing slightly, as they both went out of the office


























Chapter 8 - Otrizios

- Elder Grounds - private Area of Dracota -

*woosh* *boom* *rss* *boom* 

strong wind and dust flew everywhere while the earth was shaking, as the guards noticed this strange phenomena, they wanted to rush towards the source but as soon as they got closer to a private yard they saw Delura walking towards this yard, with a smile on her face, as they saw this, they ran away as they thought Delura was pissed and thinking about the punishment she is gonna give the person who is causing trouble for her

inside the yard, in the private training field was Dracota, practicing his new skill Sword Aura 

as Delura entered the trainingfields she heard a weak heavy breathing, she looked around and was shocked to discover the damage Dracota has done in here in less than 10 hours after moving into this brand new yard ... 

[this kid sure goes crazy while training] she thought

"Dractoa, why are you so exhausted already?" she asked teasingly

"Miss Delura, hehe ... my new skill... master teached me... it's draining ... so much energy" he replied weakly

"Miss Delura? Little Brat, I told you to call me Sister... also a new skill? What kind of skill is this? your master is such a strong expert swordsman, is it a sword based skill? Also why is there a tree next to you?" Delura asked curiously

"the skills my master teached me, are not simple, that's for sure" he smiled as he sadly said "well, you are correct sister Delura, it is a sword skill but i cant even use it properly now without fainting half way through" 

Delura looked at his sad face while thinking [a skill where you faint if you use it? Are there even skills where you faint if you are too weak? as far as i know, your skill is just a weaker version if you are too weak to master it but he says he faints?!] 

"Are you allowed to describe the skill to others or did your master forbid it?"

[hmm as far as i remember, the master never told me to keep it a secret..] "i don't think he ever said to keep my skills a secret.." he said while slowly getting up from the ground, grabbing the tree next to him

He was standing in a relaxed, shoulder wide stance, with both arms slightly stretched out holding the tree in front of him as if it was a Sword, as his thought went into his mind, he started to condense his killing intent according to the guide his master impartet him. 

while his killing intent condensed, a strong breeze started to flow around his body, tiny rocks and dust flew everywhere again as a faint blood red aura moved along his body into, his arms, flowing towards the tree, as it started to cover one third of the tree, his body was shaking constantly 

[god damn i have to improve, come on, fight, fight ,fight, come on if i cant even use this skill without fainting how should i face master when he awakes again?! Come on you fucking weakling, fight Dracota fight] he hyped himself up but unlike the rising fighting spirit, the condensed killing intent did not move even a tiny bit forward, as he tried to endure even a second more, the killing intent broke apart and his body collapsed, falling face first into the dirt.

[What kind of skill is this? I never saw something so strange, why is he releasing so much killing intent? Is he trying to coat the whole tree with killing intent?! What kind of fucked up skill is this, why would someone try to cover a tree with killing intent? is his master insane, why would he teach him such a skill] Delura was speechless as she picked a pill from her storage ring and forced it down Dracotas throat.

*cough cough* 

"what... what did you push down my throat?" Dracota asked weakly

"Relax it's just a Restoration Pill" she replied without thinking too much about her methods 

[This new older sister of mine is scary as hell, thank god i am not her enemy] 

he forced a smile and started to slowly stand up again while looking rather dispirited

[looks like i am way too weak for this skill yet... Why would the master give me something like that if I can't use it? does he want to motivate me to train harder or did he think i am strong enough to use it completely and here i am disappoint him] he thought while Delura noticed him being slightly absent and disappointed

"Well, what exactly are you trying to learn this skill for? Why would you cover a tree with killing intent? even i can't do it if i were to try i think" she replied in an attempt to cheer him up 

as he heard her cheerful voice he suddenly had a realization "FUCK i am so stupid, its a sword skill why am i still using a fucking tree to train it?!" 

after he blurred this out and as both of them looked at each other, both had a sudden outburst of laughter and almost cried

"Sister, what are you doing here if i may ask" 

"why? Am I not allowed to visit my new little brother?" she teased as she realized why she came here in the first place

"jokes aside, Lord Terdanon asked his friend, that expert swordsmith, to visit him as soon as possible, well perhaps it was fate or just luck, as it turns out he was on his way to visit Lord Terdanon anyway. I am here because Lord Terdanon wants you to meet him as he is going to forge a sword just for you... our teacher sure treats you better than me, i had to become an elder before he gifted me a weapon.." she said with a meaningful smile while patting his head slightly

[Is he treating me so well because of master? does he think my master will protect the academy if he helps me grow? if i understood master correctly, this academy won't hold me for long, this is just a starting point for me anyway]

as he followed Delura through the elder grounds the students and elders as well as the few visible guards looked at him as if he were something precious while sounds of whispers faintly entered his ears

"so he is the one" 

"pretty handsome good pick"

"finally this demon has someone to torture"

"that's not fair why is my student so ugly"

"She went after a pretty boy, huh?"

"who cares if he is pretty, he is probably so weak that she has to guard him all the time, i mean look at this, he can't even walk alone through the elder grounds" said a student out loudly for everyone to heard

*sssssh* *slap*

"Are you insane?! Do you want us to die with you?!" an elder reprimanded his student 

Delura heard them and instead of flaring up just chuckled [these idiots think they can fight with him? If this brat has a sword and manages to master that weird skill he trained, I wonder how strong he will be. his master would probably be able to kill the city lord with just a finger, no, forget about a finger with just a gaze he would explode, he is so powerful, there is absolutely no way he would teach something useless to Dracota] 

as they left the elder grounds, a young elder mumbled under his breath "watch out i am gonna throw you into hell myself. how dare you occupy my Delura, you piece of shit" with killing intent flaring up slightly

-- Inside the dean's office -- 

"Terdanon, tell me why do you insist on forging a sword for a student? I don't want to forge a sword for a spoiled brat" a voice spoke with anger

"Relax, Otrizios. He is not just a student, he is my direct student, and it's not like you are doing it for free anyway. Also I want you to forget it because there are special circumstances, which i cant speak about or we might both die. You only have to forge an unique sword for him, if you have some good ones with you, you can show them to him, but i am not gonna pay for any damages done to the swords." Terdanon spoke calmly

[Who is this brat, why is Terdanon afraid that we will both die if he reveals his background? Is it the City Lord? No, Terdanon was evenly matched with the City Lord... someone stronger than the City Lord? Ah Crap, thinking is not my strong suite anyway, if he does not want to reveal it then fine, but how dare he hints at my swords being weak] 

"how dare you call my work weak, you bastard. I am known as one of the best sword forgers through the region, yet here you are, the dean of a tiny academy dares to tell me that my swords won't be able to handle a spoiled brat" he mocked him 

*knocking sounds*

"Delura, you may enter" Terdanon did not mind Otrizios rude way of speaking as they are old friends to begin with

"Lord Terdanon, i brought Dracota as you requested." she turned around and bowed slightly "Lord Otrizios, greetings to you" 

Otrizios replied with a smile "Delura, you are getting more and more charming, why don't you marry my grandson?" 

"Lord Otrizios, i am ..."

"*ppff* old man you sure have no chill to utter such stupid words right after a greeting" Dracota said without a care 

Terdanon looked at Dracota and started to laugh loudly "That's how my student is supposed to be, good boy!"

"Terdanon, what the fuck do you teach your student, how dare he is so rude towards me?!" Otrizios face turned slightly red

"he is right tho, you are still not giving up after so many rejections from my first direct Student" Terdanon looked a bit pissed as well

[oh shit Terdanon is getting pissed, i should calm down a bit. I also kinda like the attitude this brat has] Otrizios thought

Dracota turned towards Terdanon and said "Teacher, I am here to receive a sword, right? Is it possible to test the sword from the get go? I am not sure if a sword can handle my new skill..." he said with a hint 

[new skill? Did his master teach him something new? this is getting interesting] as he glanced towards Delura and saw her cheeky smile he knew that something fun is going to happen

"Its fine, old man Otrizios won't give you a cheap sword. Right, Otrizios?" 

"How dare you?! Why are you two fuckheads trying to pick a fight with my work of art?!" as he threw out a thin sword

"This is the new sword I forged before I arrived here in this shity academy, try to use it, you idiot. If it breaks then i swear to the heavens right here that i am going to forge you a new sword" he replied full of confidence 

[this old man is interesting, i wonder if this tiny sword can manage the skill? even the thick tree began to break apart slightly after the second use of the skill] 

"well, let's go"

"go? where do you want to go Dracota?"

"To the Training Area? where else am i supposed to test my skill?"

"just test it here, my room is as sturdy as the training areas, there won't be any damage anyway" Terdanon said confidently

"Hmm alright if you say so, teacher."

Dracota unsheeted the sword skillfully and was standing in a rather relaxing pose 

[this brat sure has style, at least he looks like someone who practice the swords way] Otrizios was pleased

as his old face began to smile, the air started to tremble and the blade of the sword started to crack, his face instantly turned pale

"what the fuck did you do?!" Otrizios cried out

"I was just getting ready... I did not expect the sword to crack before I even used the skill, what kind of junk is this?" as he looked towards Delura who was crying from joy

"ju... junk?! What is junk?! your head is junk?! shut the fuck up let me see the sword" Otrizios said while grabbing the sword away

[fuck how did this brat break the blade, he was just standing on the spot not even moving what the fuck happened] he thought

[what kind of skill did his master teach him if he is able to break Otrizios Sword like dirt without even moving?] Terdanon sighed

"i... i will forge you a new sword but first tell me what you did, if the new sword breaks as well i am gonna get a heart attack" Otrizios said defeated

"i am condensing killing intent, as i condense it, i am going to surround the blade with it, creating a coat for the blade... but this sword broke before i was done condensing killing intent" he replied honestly

"killing intent condensing towards a sword blade?" he looked at Terdanon 

"it's not me who teached him this skill, don't ask further" Terdanon replied with a hint

"I see, where is the weapon you usually train with?" Otrizios asked

"i don't have a weapon...." Dracota said embarrassed

"what do you mean you don't have a weapon, how do you train sword skills without a weapon?!"

"i am using a tree as substitution" he replied even more embarrassed

"a tree?! what are you, a fucking giant?!" Otrizios and Terdanon cried out at the same time while Delura kept laughing 

"it's not your problem, i don't have a sword to train with, even your proudly forged sword couldn't take it, so which weapon should i use?!" Dracota was getting angry

everyone was stunned by this outburst from this little brat

as Terdanon felt a headache coming, Otrizios realized that someone managed to break his sword and his battle spirit was ignited for the first time in ages

"i will send a message to my apprentices, they are going to collect some materials as well as carry them here, after they arrive, we will start testing which material may withstand your weird skill.. and if we find something, i will forge the best sword you have ever seen for you, you little brat." Otrizios was really really hyped, as he could already imagine the new heights he will reach

[so... I have to wait? well whatever, the sword can wait but my priority is my revenge.] Dracota made up his mind

"Teacher? I want to force a challenge for 4 students into the life and death arena"

"you sure can't sit still, right?" Delura teased him

"if i remember correctly you probably mean Lilvyra and her three brothers?" Terdanon was waiting for this request

"yes, teacher. I want to repay them, what they did to me. i will start with them and then their friends and families will follow..." suddenly the floor cracked as insanely tense killing intent floated around Dracotas body like a cloak, frightening Otrizios

"you... you... you are insane! are you possessed why does a young kid like you have such a strong killing intent" he asked as cold sweat ran down his back

"Relax, Otrizios. This kid went through betrayal and that girl Lilvyra stabbed him through his heart, so his desire for revenge is understandable, we also confirmed that he is not possessed, otherwise we probably would have killed him" Terdanon tried to calm down Otrizios

"Delura, take care of his request. Dracota, you will have to fight 3 vs 1, can you handle it?" 

"Yes Lord Terdanon!"

"What do you mean 3 vs 1? why is it 3 and not 4?" 

"that girl, Lilvyra, she was taken to the City Lord, this morning." Terdanon said as he continued "She is a distant relative of the City Lord, as the City Lord found out about this, he took her with him, to train her. If you want to kill her, it's not gonna be easy, you will probably end up going against the city guards as well as city army and the city lord of Bellheim, are you determined to start this war alone?" 

"war hmm ... if it's a war they want, i will give them a war.. i dont care who it is, as long as i can get my revenge i will kill everyone blocking my path!" he said as he clenched his fists

Otrizios was speechless at this point [why is this brat talking about a war with Bellheim, as if it was just a slightly bigger inconvenience] 

Terdanons mind started to spin really far ahead [If he is not afraid of actually saying out loud that he is going to war with Bellheim, it seems that his master will protect him if anything happens, if that is the case, the academy needs to stay neutral and take over the whole city after this war is over. as long as his master makes a move, there is no question about winning or losing, the only thing we have to ask is how much of the city will be left undamaged] 

"as the dean of the academy i can't help you in this private war, however the academy will be neutral" he said while in thoughts









Chapter 9 - a devils torture

24 hours after meeting with Terdanon and Otrizios, Delura was on her way to the Punishment Hall, as she arrived, she did not even knock or wait for the guards to react, she just barged in plainly and unrestrained shouted 

"Xadrooma! There is work for you to do!" her shout echoed through the hole building

"Delura, how dare you barge inside like this" a Punishment Elder said angry while he forgot that he is way weaker than her

Delura instantly flared up "Shut the fuck up you old cunt, i am not in the mood to talk to you as i am here on Lord Terdanons order or do you want to question Lord Terdanon?"  

"thi... this... i would never question the Dean" the Elder was silent as he walked back inside

"Delura, what do you want?" a hoarse voice came from inside

"Xadrooma, all you need to do is inside this file" as she threw the file towards the entrance of the hall

"alright, but if you barge in again without knocking i am gonna punch you for real" he said in a frosty voice

Delura, who was already pissed to begin with replied "you shithead can try right now, how about we fight a bit, i could really let out some steam" 

Xadrooma who was joking around earlier suddenly turned serious "you want to fight with me?! Here?! Holy shit, women are scary but I am up for it, sadly since it's an order directly from the dean I am supposed to accomplish that mission right now, right?" 

*hmpf* "You better finish it fast you have 2 hours at most, by then if you did not finish your mission Lord Terdanon is gonna visit you." she said angry as she left the Punishment Hall

[this woman is scary when she is angry, who angered her so much that she would fight with me over it] Xadrooma thought with a chuckle

"let's take a look at the mission..." he mumbled 

as he took a look into the file, he was speechless as he now assumed to understand why she was so pissed now, as his own killing intent flared up like adding water to an oil fire

[HOW DARE THEY LIE TO ME] he burned the file into ash as he flew out of the punishment hall like a bullet, in the direction of the Disciple Grounds

Jafaan, Zulbal and Yawan were about to leave the disciple grounds as they heard a scream through the sky

"JafaanN, ZULBAL, YAWAN YOU ARE TO REPORT TO ELDER XADROOMA ON THE CENTER PLAZA, RIGHT NOW" the mechanic voice screamed through the air 

"Why... why do we have to meet with Elder Xadrooma again?!" Jafaan asked in disbelief

"relax, it's probably some question regarding our last mission" Zulbal tried to be positive

Yawan hesitated sightly as he asked "this is not about Dracota, is it?" 

"Why would they call us after almost 30 days? even his bounty was removed, i guess they think he is dead" Jafaan replied

"well .. let's go or we are going to get punished for making an elder wait.." 

as these three ran towards the center plaza, they discovered some of their class teachers with a sad look in their eyes and slightly clenched fists

[something is wrong]
[is it me or is something fishy here]
[why are the teachers acting so weird?]

they thought at the same time

"Elder Xadrooma we are here to report to you" as they bowed slightly towards elder Xadrooma

"listen here you little fuckers, i am here to read a decree from the academy dean" he said while preparing for the decree

"On the Order of the Dean, the direct Student Dracota is using his rights to force the students Zulbal, Jafaan and Yawan into a 1 vs 3 Arena fight over Life and Death. If they don't appear in the Life and Death Arena Nr.2, every Elder inside the Academy is allowed to directly execute them on the spot!" Elder Xadrooma spoke in a cold tone

before the 3 young students could react there was a huge shock and every student who witnessed these words started to get hyped instantly

"did you hear that? Dracota, the one who disappeared, challenged them 1 vs 3 into the life and death battle" 

"Dracota? Who is he" 

"You heard of him the one who disappeared"

"The Bounty Kid?" 

"yes yes the bounty kid" 

"why would he want to fight 1 vs 3"

"if i recall correctly Dracota was never really that outstanding"

"you little shits dont know jackshit, let me tell you, my teacher told me that Dracota was only Combat Level 24 and already had a huge bounty on his head" 

"combat level 24? Why is he weaker than me?! i would not underestimate someone and he forced a challenge into a 1 vs 3 match, is he insane?"

"some people just want an excuse to die" 

the uproar this piece of news brought, exploded through the whole academy, Dracota was already waiting inside the arena

as for the three young man they were completely lost for words 

[he survived?!] Jafaan was shocked
[is this a joke?] Zulbal asked himself mockingly
[where is sister Lilvyra] Yawan panicked slightly

"Since you are already here, follow me into the arena right now!" Xadrooma did not show a tiny spec of understanding

[i hope you refuse, then i have a reason to drag your sorry asses into the arena myself but this kid Dracota, he is the direct student of the dean and Delura now? I wonder what is so special about him] he thought 

Dracota, who was sitting on the ground inside Arena Nr.2 suddenly felt the earth shake slightly, as he opened his eyes, he saw a flood of Students and Elders rush towards the spectator seats while thinking [is there an event today or do they want to see me fight?]

not even 10 minutes later, four people walking into the Arena, it was precisely, Elder Xadrooma, Jafaan, Yawan and Zulbal

"i told you, if i survive, i will come for your lives" Dracota said without emotions as he eyed the three people

"you must be Dracota, hmm i like your aura, good kid. i hope you won't disappoint me" elder Xadrooma said with a hint of excitement

"Greetings to elder..... sorry who are you?" Dracota replied without a care

[this brat sure has attitude, it fits these two big shots pretty well] Xadrooma thought while introducing himself "Elder Xadrooma, Punishment Hall Elder, remember my name, kiddo" 

"greetings to elder Xadrooma, may we start the fight?" he asked without a care

"Dracota, why would you do this?! We never hit you, it was Sister Lilvyra" Jafaan said

"Why would someone as weak as you want to fight with the 3 of us" Zulbal mocked him

"Tell me, how does it feel to get stabbed by your own lover? you little dog survived and still dares to force us into a challenge" Yawan said

"ENOUGH!" Dracota suddenly screamed "i am sick of dogs barking all day long, shut the fuck up and fight" 

[i really like this attitude] Xadrooma smiled

while Jafaan took out his spear, he had a weird smile on his face while he looked at Zulbal and as if they were performing some magic

Yawan was doing the same thing, while he took out a bow

"i wonder how you feel about this" as Zulbal said this, he took out a red sword, this sword, it was the sword, Dracota couldn't find

"oh no, you have my sword. oh no i am so afraid, help me!" Dracota said mockingly [as if this garbage could handle my skills, even my finger is enough to break it] 

the 3 brothers were surprised by the mocking of Dracota as this was quite the opposite reaction from what they expected 

the audience started to laugh about Dracotas mocking and the brothers were embarrassed

Xadrooma who was about to announce the battle start suddenly turned towards Dracota and asked "where is your weapon?"

"Weapon?" he replied "i don't need a weapon to beat dogs"

these arrogant words shocked the elders on the spectator seats but had different reactions from the students

some were angry, some were laughing, some were mocking him for being a frog in a well, some were even falling in love with him 

Xadrooma didn't mind this as he would not care about the results anyway and announced the battle start

"Until one side is terminated, the Battle won't stop. Today, there is only Death awaiting the defeated" he said

Yawan was the first to attack Dracota, as he was an archer, his precision was quite good, but unlike the usual matches with fighters of equal strength, even 10 Yawans would not pressure Dracota. 

Dracota suddenly rushed towards Yawan while dodging every single arrow

everyone was shocked by this scene and some elders even began to cheer for him as they all liked strong students the most 

"WATCH OUT YAWAN WHY ARE YOU STANDING THERE FROZEN LIKE A PRINCESS" Zulbal screamed while his own feets didn't listen to him 

*pffffffffffffffffft* suddenly a loud noise reached everyone's ears, as they focused their eyes to figure out what happened, some students began to faint, the scene in front of them was to cruel and gory for them to take

Dracota, who was standing in front of Yawan, had his Hand pierced through Yawans Chest, while Yawans still beating Heart was inside his Palm

The look in Yawans Face went from disbelieve to grief to pale from the pain

the remaining two brother still stood shocked on their starting point while being horrified by this cruelty, even Xadrooma was shocked by this scene as he never believe there would be a student this cruel at such a young age

[now i understand why they want him as their direct student, he is strong, he does not hesitate to kill and his attitude is rather special] he thought

while everyone was shocked by this scene, Yawan went through a nightmare 

[Something is wrong, something is frighteningly wrong.] unaware of the situation he was in, he tried to force his body to move, only to realize that his own body did not listen to his commands. he took a look into the distance and saw the shocked audience, their eyes staring holes into his body, suddenly he felt weak and was about to lose his vision and exactly at this moment Dracota pulled out his Hand, while holding Yawan Heart in front of Yawans Face and with a smile he whispered towards Yawan

"i told you, if i survive i will kill you, your friends and your family" as he finished this sentence, he crushed the heart in his hand, while his two brother still stood there frozen, he lifted Yawans Body like a ragdoll and used his skill sword finger to behead Yawan, while he threw his head into his new Storage Ring, every single Spectator was going crazy by this cruelty 

"he, he took the head?!" 

"Is he a pervert?"

"how dare you say my husband is a pervert"

"what husband, shut your slutty mouth he is mine"

"you may all talk about him but if i suck him first, he will be mine" 

"women are crazy, i knew it" 

Dracota turned around and before either of them could react he appeared in front of Zulbal, with a slight slashing move performed by his index finger, Zulbals arm which was holding Dracotas old sword, suddenly fell to the ground

[what kind of skill is this] Xadrooma thought [and why is he so cruel, is there a story behind this?] 

"aaaaaaaarh my arm, you  cut off my arm aaaa" as Zulbal screamed in pain over his arm being cut off and fell to his knees, Dracota picked up the severed arm, ripped off a bit of flesh, so a bit of the arms bones were sticking out and rammed it straight into Zulbals Throat. The Arm which was used as a weapon, went through Zulbals Throat without any resistance, like a hot knife through butter. 

there was silence, you could hear a pin fall, everyone was horrified by this cruelty, nobody expected this fight to be so one sided and brutal, even the elders had a chill run down their spines, as if they were watching the grim reaper himself  

while Zulbal slowly and painfully died from the blood loss, Jafaan was so scared, he shat his pants and was sitting on the ground holding his hand over his head while mumbling "devil... devil... he is a devil..."

Dracota, who saw this scene, suddenly had a grin, as some noticed this, they had cold sweat run down their backs

he slowly walked towards Jafaan while whistling happily, draggin his old sword with the tip on the ground, to make scratching sounds 

Jafaan was horrified by Dracota, who was walking towards him that he started to hit his own head against the floor in hope to faint before death but how could Dracota let his Death be so merciful, he rushed in front of Jafaan, kicked him high into the air, and as Jafaan was about to land, Dracota kicked him again into the air *boom* as Jafaans Body hit the ground next to Zulbal, Dracota moved back to them, slowly lifting Zulbals Body and right infront of Jafaans eyes, he started to use a brute force method to separate the Head from the Body.
Slow cracking sounds gave this whole scene an environment straight from hell, veins and muscles ripped apart and blood sprayed everywhere into the air, coloring Dracotas whole Body in a shade of red, as he pulled out the head even further, breaking sounds of the spine could be heard and suddenly he held a head in his arm where veins, nerves and a big chunk of the spine was still attached to and threw it into his Storagering 

Jafaan who was terrified by this scene almost fainted as he started to puke into his own lap. Dracota who had a grin on his face, and blood of his enemies on his clothes was so excited he did not even care about his appearance at all. He cracked his knuckles and just straight up punched Jafaan into the ground. he let go of everything and continued to punch Jafaan, as the ground beneath Jafaan started to sink down from the impacts of the fists, the spectators were beyond speechless, some weird ones even had slightly wet pants either from being scared or from excitement. 

Dracota had suddenly an idea and stopped his beating, as Jafaan was already dead anyway, he used his old sword to behead him, threw his head into his storage ring and stabbed the tip of the sword into the heart of Jafaan, as he pulled it out he went to the center of the Arena and started to Draw the Name of Lilvyra with the Blood of his enemies, this scene will be forever burned into the minds of everyone present 

[i am impressed by this level of cruelty, he would be perfect for the punishment hall] Xadrooma smiled 

As the fight ended, Dracota who was covered from Head to Toe with Blood, did not pay attention towards the audience nor did he care and walked back towards his own private area. 

Delura, who was hidden in the Shadows of the Arena was speechless [i did not expect that kid to be so merciless, he is gonna be a good chess piece if played right, even i am a bit scared of him, and he just started to grow ... what kind of monster will he be if he reaches his peak?!] 

the news of this event spread through the whole academy and was called "a devils torture", and if something spreads like wildfire inside the academy its bound to leak towards the rest of the city... 















